review_title	review_body
	
  I grabbed this to be able to add a 4th screen to my laptop.  It already has the built in, a VGA port, and an HDMI port. Sadly, I needed more screen real estate.I do quite a bit of coding and graphics work on my laptop, and screen real estate is always a premium.  This adapter lets me plug in any HDMI enabled monitor or TV.Setup was a breeze, and the display works great.Picture is fine with no issues so far.

	
  I've been re-purposing older equipment recently, and I wanted to use an older computer as a video server to connect to a TV with an HDMI input.  The computer had a USB 3.0 port but no HDMI.  I plugged this into the computer's USB, and then into the TVs HDMI.  the computer.  Drivers loaded automatically and the computer was able to stream videos to the TV with no issues.

	
  I really like this product. I tested it with both a low end RCA windows tablet and a Toshiba laptop, on a Toshiba 40" television and the HDMI input on a 24" HP display. It comes with a driver disk but it's not needed because the device itself shows up as a CD-ROM drive as soon as you plug it in to a USB port! So you always have the driver with you. Simple to install the driver, then just go in to windows display properties to choose to mirror or extend. Very easy, works great!

	
  We purchased this for our grandson to hook up 2 monitors.  It worked fantastic and he is very happy.  Product came as described and was wrapped inside the box.  Received as described also.  Would purchase from this retailer again.

	
  I would say the first thing out of the box is this can be used with USB 3.0 and 2.0 but I would recommend using it with 3.0. I have tried it on 2.0 and it has a lag time in between movement and what is shown in the screen. I guess there is not enough speed for a usb 2.0 to handle. This works great for those surface pros that only have one USB ports. I can actually connect these to two different screens along with my display port. The cable is short and really only meant for laptops in my opinion since many laptops nowadays only have USB 3.0 or mini displayport or type c. That being said, this works great for if you are trying to hook this up to to a new monitor or a new TV. It also allowed me to have an extra display for my gaming laptop that only has 1 HDMI port that I can use to plug this laptop into. The cable itself is pretty sturdy so you do not have to worry too much about the neck getting frayed. You can easily bend and store if needed. The HDMI female port does a good job staying connected so it does not be easily disconnected. I would say it works great up to 1080P and i do not see any heating issues from what I can tell. Be aware this still relays on the ability of the onboard graphics so if your graphic card is not very strong you will not get a very good quality. The device does not come with any HDMI cable. It does not require any external power and is pretty light weight so you can put it say in your laptop bag. Another thing I would say about this product is that the picture quality is good and there is no lag when you use USB 3.0/3.1. No drivers are need from what I can tell to get this to work as it will auto install via windows 7,8,10. Overall I think this is a great product to have if you are looking for a decent expansion for your laptop or even desktop. It does not transmit sound so be aware of that and it does take up a USB port so for my surface pro I had to utilize a bluetooth keyboard and mouse.

	
  This is exactly what we needed to hook up a laptop in our van for work to be able to go to the TV. It is a older tablet hybrid, and no USB-C or HDMI. this works like an absolute champ! The best part is, the seller even sent an email out when the new drivers were released. It worked before, but with the new drivers, it seems to recognize a little quicker. The only thing you need to be aware of, is that there is no sound. This was not a big deal for us, but just wanted to let you know. I knew that before I purchased it, and did not need sound anyway. very happy that I got this, and the communication with the seller has been absolutely phenomenal. If we need another one, I know exactly which one to buy.

	
  This is amazing.  If you need to add a monitor to your system, be it laptop or desktop,  this will do the trick.  Load the drivers (provided on a mini CD or download), plug it in, and you're ready to go. And even if you can add a video card to a desktop, this is cheaper. Please be a little patient - it took my computer a few seconds - about 5 - to initialize the software and display the screen. My computer is quite modest - yours might well be quicker. Or slower.The screen looked just like any other monitor, but there are some limitations. If you are using a USB 3.0 port (or better), it worked much like any modest video port, not unlike the built-in video on many motherboards. It won't play World of Warcraft, but Facebook games work. And video plays just fie.If you only have USB 2, it will still work, but with limitations. Forget gaming (except maybe minesweeper and solitaire) , video plays, but not as smoothly, and Word, Excel, many web pages work just fine. The biggest problem I found (spoiler: there i a workaround) with a USB 2 port was moving windows.  It tried, it really did, but it could not transfer the data fast enough to do it smoothly. The jerking and refreshing made it tricky to position a window accurately. However, Windows has a solution. When moving a Window, you can tell Windows to only show the outline of the window (outline dragging) as a rectangle, which moves smoothly. When you release the mouse click, the window refreshes. It's not as slick, but it's more usable.One last word - I do not mean to be in any way critical of this device. Video cards can access memory really fast - gigabytes per second. All USB devices, at best, can access 480 MB/second over USB 3.0, one tenth of that over USB 2.0. This video card makes really good use of the bandwidth available to it.All in all, this adds a monitor, and does it pretty well. And at a price that's hard to beat.

	
  The physical installation was no problem. Software, not so much. On W10 I had to “ use” the install disk to get to the page with the drivers as they aren’t inate to Windows and the device isn’t setup to point W to the right site. Which is disappointing for a modern device.That said, it works great. I probably would put a second one (three monitors) on anything but a high, high end laptop since the digital video is done in software. But it’s great for two monitors!

	
  Excellent and well laid out instructions - just follow them - so simple, even I was successful lol.  Seriously - this is a big deal - this allowed me to add one more monitor to my laptop. I am a software developer and for years printed out screen shots of file layouts, screen displays, etc. etc - probably took out 1/4 the amazon forest by myself. With my multiple monitors - i print NOTHING.  Using this device , i now have so much screen display space - separated by monitor of course, some folks like the 50 inch monitors - i have 4 35 inch monitors and of course the laptop display.  Thanks guys, this is a home run.

	
  At work we have a dedicated laptop for presentations.  This worked until we added new technology to our meeting rooms and need to be able to connect to the monitors via HDMI.  Our old Thinkpad only has USB ports so this adopter comes in very handy.  Only problem I encountered was how to get the video onto the wall monitor.  This may only be this laptop, but had to go into the screen settings and figured that by using the "connect to wireless display"  setting I was able to get it to work.

	
  Once plugged in, automatically downloads a program to complete the interface for using a monitor from the USB port. Works great for adding monitors to laptops with limited connection ports.

	
  Very happy with my USB to HDMI adapter.  Was able to re-purpose an old unused laptop.  With all the streaming I do now that baseball is back on, I was tying up my main computer.  By using my old laptop, I'm able to continue surfing the net as I'm watch a ballgame.  Very happy with little gem!

	
  Great product. Easy to use, works just right. Will definitely recommend and buy again.

	
  Please give this product a try.  Comes with a Driver CD, but installed effortless.

	
  Arrived as expected and on time; just didn't work for what I needed it for.

	
  I received the product as promised, but at first it didn't work when I plugged it in. The product came with a disc to load onto my computer, but my laptop does not have a disc drive. So I emailed their customer service who promptly responded with the link to download and voila, all is working great!

	
  Great to use for dual-display with HDMI on one port and this USB on the other port. It worked immediately without me having to install any software but there's CD software included also if it doesn't install automatically

	
  It’s very easy to use but you must install the software before the monitor can pickup a signal. I tried many times and was going to return it before I realized that. I gave it one last try and it worked. Now I have dual monitor. One monitor using HDMI directly into laptop and other using the device.

	
  It is easy to work,small in size, exquisite workmanship,inserted intothe interface,very tight,no loose feeling,fast display speed and high definition

	
  This is a well priced product. It works exactly as intended - as a HDMI adapter if you run out of display slots and only have USB 3.0 remaining. It is a great alternative to the typical $50-100 adapters and I am happy to recommend it!

	
  It works great ,I don’t have a CD player to install the driver ,once I sent an email to their customer service ,they reply very fast and email me with the link to download it .highly recommended !!

	
  Customer support was super great. I contacted the sender who sent me a link for convenient component installation for a work PC in the USA. Great support for a very convenient adapter.

	
  Was easy to install but had trouble with software but fixed that and works fine.Used it to add a tv to computer.

	
  This product is amazing! It displays another monitor just as fast as if it were connected with any other cable! No loss of speed and great image quality. I would absolutely buy this again!

	
  It was really easy to install the software and extend the display.Great!

	
  Great product.  Works wonderful.  Not sure if the price is the norm but the adapter is easy to use and works great.

	
  Love the price. It was quick delivery and love that they took a picture when delivered. It is exactly what i needed to get my new projector up and running!

	
  This is a great little adapter. It worked perfectly after the simple installation. A CD is provided and it practically installs itself.

	
  Easy and quick to interface my tablet with monitor via usb-hdmi

	
  Great product. It  did exactly what I needed it to do, which was connect my cable box to my smart tv!

	
  I have been debating and looking around to get this connector I needed to use by cable box with my projector. This was the missing piece I needed. It worked great, good quality and cheaper than best buy and Walmart. If you need this connector I recommend to order Amazon if you do not need it right away. Even though , shipping time was not bad either. I am finally able to watch movies on my big screen!

	
  This item was perfect. I purchased another adapter before this one and had to return it. The adapter didnt discover with Windows. Even with drivers it didn't work. This one worked perfectly. You just plug it in, install the drivers from the "CD-ROM" and reboot. Then plug in your monitor and your off. I was able to have it functioning in under 5 minutes. The adapter also came with a CD for the drivers in case you needed it. I would purchase again.

	
  A friend needed to add a graphics/drawing tablet  to his Intel NUC. This gave me the input HDMI I needed to accomplish that task. Worked great.  There are probably some techies/kids out there that will have a complain about "it wont let me play Space Conquerer or some silly game at the frame rate of XX" but for me it did the trick.

	
  This installed easily and worked right away. But I was unable to get my laptop to extend to two separate monitors using it. Only either the built in HDMI or this one was recognized.  I ended up sending it back, but for someone with a computer that doesn't have HDMI out, this is a great buy. I used a Windows 10 computer with USB 3.

	
  Other products had in their description the fact that the resolution would be limited when using with USB 2.0 (versus 3.0), but this one enabled a resolution higher than the others.  Just remember to go to file manager and click on the drive after plugging this in, which is where the installation file is.  Very easy.

	
  I work with the stock market so I needed to extend another monitor and this is perfect since my computer it's a bit old and has a usb 2.0 that also supports this adapter, the resolution on Usb 2.0 is excellent 1920 x 1080  the only thing is that when I play a Video it kind of slow down on a full screen mode but if you shrink the window a little it plays good, but since most new computers now come with USB 3.0 there should be no problem playing videos. I liked this adapter

	
  As a retured computer industry professional I am extremely impressed with this device. The imbedded software loaded and was was functional in about 2 minutes. The image quality on my TV was perfect. I highly recommend this low cost, very reliable USB to HDMI adapter.

	
  I needed this because my notebook has no HDMI port to connect to my HDTV.  Initially I had a problem with the video stuttering. Customer service quickly remedied the issue. I now have perfect video playback. I highly recommend this product.

	
  I use this to extend to a projector at church.  Better than tying up a laptop and perfect for the 2D projector.I'm not sure how it would work for WOW or anything but for the price the performance it perfect for our needs.

	
  My HDMI port on my laptop quit working, and I found it nearly impossible to work productively without a second monitor. This adapter, which plugs into a standard USB 3.0 port, allowed me to connect my external monitor without any problems.

	
  Item did what it was supposed too do. Quick Ship.

	
  Works great. Easy set up. Comes with drive disc.

	
  Great product once you download the drivers it’s plug and play.

	
  This product turned out to be the wrong thing.  We may return it.

	
  Adapter is working as it should be.

	
  Works great. Just as advertised.

	
  This was as I wanted. I installed the program then plugged it into my tv and both video and sound was present. I am extremely happy with this product. I was told I couldn't get sound from my USB port, guess what, this company did the impossible! I am very happy. Thank you

	
  Picture quality is not even close to hdmi. But it work well

	
  Super easy install (the printed direction are pretty tiny and hard to read).After install my laptops sound was gone.  Contacted Ablewe via Amazon and had the solution in about 14 hours.Thanks

	
  Just plug it in, install the provided drivers, and it works perfectly. Tested on Windows 10 and Windows 7. Would recommend if you need an easy second display.

	
  Works great

	
  Worked nicely!

	
  I used this when my USB-C port did not support video and it worked perfectly to add another screen. This was exactly what I was looking for!Make sure you have an internet connection to get the latest driver if you don't have a disc drive.

	
  Worked perfectly for dual monitor

	
  Been searching for a usb a to hdmi cable for ages and I finally found it on Amazon. Great buy and now makes my work space and lot more efficient since I have now two monitors to help me do my work. Honestly a great buy and what I have wanted for ages

	
  Is very self-explanatory easy to use

	
  Bought this for my home office as my work PC has no HDMI port. I use this with a USB splitter to connect a second monitor to my computer. I have been using this product for a few months now and it has worked great for me!

	
  This doodad was able to connect a laptop to an ancient TV. We had to download a driver or something, but it worked great.

	
  This product arrived on time, and it same with the driver on a disc just in case there was any difficulty using it with your windows software!!

	
  As described and glad I bought

	
  Rey easy installation and works perfectly.

	
  Great product. Easy to use.

	
  Works perfectly with my laptop to add a 3rd monitor!

	
  Works well for 1080P

	
  Works great after you finally get software loaded.

	
  Great product and it arrived the next day!

	
  Solid product.  Works as expected.

	
  Na

	
  The driver was simple to install

	
  Alright Product.

	
  Got here on time as advertised

	
  This worked perfectly to add a second monitor to my work station.  The CD Driver that came with the adapter wouldn't work on my computer. Contacted the seller and was able to get the driver download within 24 hours.  Now I am able to work more productively.  Thanks for the great support.

	
  a

	
  Best idea and best item to use!

	
  Performed as expected

	
  This little cable was incredibly simple to use and set up with my laptop and TV. All that was needed was to plug in the HDMI cable and run a simple program on the computer, excellent if your computer lacks an HDMI port and you’re looking to share your screen to another device.  Almost as simple to use as just plugging the HDMI into your device. Good solution to my problem.

	
  Liked and I used it behind the tv

	
  Its nice little adapter. I am using it to connect my old Lenovo laptop (T-510) to the external monitor. This works good.

	
  Used this for a dual monitor setup for my laptop and it works great. I needed to contact Customer Service to download a driver but that was straightfoward and CS rep Alice was great. Thanks!

	
  Excelente producto

	
  Company gave great customer service when I had questions.

	
  Converts USB to HDMI. Good for all in one.

	
  It works great.  Now I have 3 monitors connected to my computer.  One on HDMI, one on VGA, and one using this USB to HDMI adapter.  Picture quality is good.  Easy to install drivers.

	
  The product was fine and arrived as advertised. I ordered the wrong item so I cant rate it.

	
  Arrived early and they followed up to see if everything was ok.

	
  It did exactly what it was supposed to do. I was able to connect my laptop and tv to view content on a larger screen. I would buy it.

	
  Shipping was fast and it works fine with my laptop. The company even sent a follow up email to see if the product works ok.

	
  It works... computer screen now displays very nicely on my Smart TV via HCMI cable.

	
  It did not work at first, but the seller sent me a link that made it work. It's awesome!

	
  there really isn't anything to like or dislike, I was unable to connect a new piece of equipment to an old one, this adapter solved the problem! works perfectly no worries, job done

	
  Small, simple, and easy to setup. I have a computer that doesn't have HDMI and I need to use an external monitor ٍso I purchased this product and I am able to use my computer with my HDMI enabled monitor now the connection worked with the TV as well. It is an easy solution at an affordable price and it doesn't take space on your desk.

	
  I purchased this thinking it was a video capture card for my camera. Turns out it's not, just a basic HDMI to USB adapter. It does exactly what they advertise, I just didn't realize at the time exactly what I needed to get!

	
  needs this to be able to use on my laptop. It is a great product and easy to use. Have not had any issues with it. I did have to update video drivers on one machine that I used it on but it was an older lenovo, that was just freshly imaged so it was expected.

	
  Nice quality product , helped me connecting my laptop to monitor easily with good quality , it helped me in working from home during this lockdown to work like office.

	
  This product actually did what it said it would do....it allowed me to connect my PC to two separate monitors.  The key was the mini-disc that came with it (I think you can use a link also) that allowed my computer to recognize the two monitor screens.  The USB/HDMI connector worked perfectly.  Thank you!!

	
  I have an at-home-lab, and needed a large monitor....the adapter, once the drive was installed, worked perfectly.  Image is crisp & clean.  Would recommend.

	
  The software was not cake walk to installed. Once installed it works great and made my life easier and was able to put more outputs on my computer.

	
  This Adapter works perfect with my old laptop that do not support Miracast, I was able to paired it with my old Panasonic TV ( computer Monitor), and I use it as a secondary monitor for my laptop.

	
  Now that I am working from  home, the need for an additional monitor became more apparent.  Using this was a lot better than having to buy a more expensive video card, and now I have the option to use my office TV as an extra monitor.  Works great, picture is clear, and I can just as easily use this on my laptop as well as my main home office work station.  Awesome product.

	
  Needed to connect my HP laptop to my Sony flat screen TV.  Since the laptop did not have aHDMI port, I bought this item to make the connection.  Ordered it on Wednesday, got it on Friday.Simple hookup between the laptop and TV with the adapter and my cable allowed me to view movies on theTV. Very satisfied with my purchase.

	
  Does exactly what it’s supposed to. Easy peasy.

	
  Buena calidad

	
  It’s an HDMI adapter so not much to say but it works well and helped me be able to use my Xbox again

	
  Just installed and it worked great

	
  Awesome product and customer service.

	
  This product is great. Please note that for Windows 10 make sure that the driver installation is on the admin account.

	
  This product has excellent customer service!

	
  Ok

	
  I was looking for a quality adapter that was well built and portable. It was priced very competitively compared to other adapters.

	
  Does the job.

	
  Works fine

	
  Great adapter.  Works as advertised and easy to install.

	
  Product came really quick and work great

	
  Good value for the money. Would definitely recommend.

	
  Works well.

	
  Excelente!!

	
  high quality adapter, much cheaper than staples

	
  Perfect if you have a high powered laptop that only has one video output.

	
  Like

	
  Excellent

	
  I use this product to have a third monitor connected to my laptop for working purposes (had already one connected to the HDMI port and another connected to the mini DP port).This one is great if you don’t plan to use it for  gaming or if you don’t mind a little input lag in order to have more content displayed.At the installation, my Windows PC didn’t install the drivers automatically and the drivers provided by the seller were provided in a mini CD. My laptop doesn’t have a CD drive, so I sent an email to the seller so he can send me the drivers. He responded within an hour. This is why I put 4/5 on the “Easy To Install” score, as it would be easier if we could find the URL to download the drivers inside the product box.So far, the product has worked 100% fine with around one month of daily use. It’s attached to a USB 3.0 port so I’m getting HD resolution as well. Totally recommended.

	
  It is easy to install according to the instructions and only takes three steps. I can get a second display, it can even use 1920*1080 resolution, which is really great. I think I will come again.

	
  I'm giving the product a 5 for now.  please, if you could email me the drivers. thank you!

	
  I did not have enough HDMI ports on my PC and was not able to connect the third monitor. I purchased this adapter and it was super easy to install. Now I have 3 perfect working monitors in which one is connected through the USB HDMI adapter. works like a charm.

	
  I had one laptop with only one HDMI port and this solved the issue to connect the second monitor. You need to download the driver before you can use it but works like a charm and did not have t purchase an expensive docking station.

	
  Did exactly what I expected.  Allows me to run 2 external monitors from HP Pavilion.  One with the hdmi out and the other with the USB 3.0.  Color is more consistent than the picture would have you believe.

	
  I need a quick way to connect the laptop's USB port to an HDMI monitor. awesome. It is small enough to fit in my carry-on backpack, and it works well. It's cool to run at FHD resolution, and there are absolutely no flickering or any other display issues.

	
  Great product!  Was exactly what I needed. Easy to install and use.

	
  Good

	
  Works great! Simple setup, support emailed me promptly with the driver link! I can be productive again with my extended monitor!! Thanks!

	
  very responsive customer service and easy to install driver. Great product.

	
  Needed dual screen because I am working from home. This adapter was the solution. it is small and it works great with my monitor and laptop to make dual screens. There is a small installation you have to do but its not a big hassle.

	
  Thank you

	
  Exactly what I needed

	
  The product works great

	
  working great perfect for those who's HDMI port goes out

	
  I have an HP laptop with a small screen a, so I need another monitor to help me better complete my work. I found this hdmi adapter and it worked like an advertisement after installing the driver without any complaints. It puts the image on this 24-inch display, which is very clear and makes my work more relaxed and enjoyable. Recommend it.

	
  worth every penny

	
  I purchased a USB 3.0 to HDMI video graphics adapter so that I can install a second monitor on my home computer without having to change the video card. good results.In the past few months, I have used this hdmi adapter extensively. It works stably. I did not encounter any problems. The cable is firm and there is no signal loss.I strongly recommend anyone who needs this adapter.

	
  Works great

	
  This product works great

	
  Me and my wife both have these for our Surface Pro (mine) Surface Laptop (hers).  This allows you to run an external display via HDMI or 15 pin serial VGA.  Solid but!

	
  I use this HDMI adapter on Windows 10 pro, it only needs a few steps to start working, it is clear on my monitor that there is no stuck, (I once bought a similar HDMI adapter will get stuck, this is also Why would I review this product) Now I can use two monitors, which is great. The manual says that it can support up to 6 monitors, and I will come back if necessary.

	
  Much better display than one built into desktop pc.

	
  I was so excited when i got this in the mail and it worked like a charm.  Huge to be able to really watch movies from my laptop on my tv.

	
  The usb to hmdi adapter is very easy to use. It took 5 minutes to install and it worked well!

	
  Everything was great would deal with this vendor again.

	
  UPDATE:Normally, I never come back to a review to update, but in this case, I make an exception. For the customer service alone, Anker now will forever have a loyal customer. Originally, when i bought this product, i for my first-ever dud from the company. It was not too expensive, so I didn't bother with customer service and return, especially since i had waited too long (in my mind) to send back. Imagine my surprise when, without prompting, Anker reached out to me, then sent me a replacement WITHOUT being asked to do so. This is the first company in this day and age to take such a proactive move towards customer satisfaction. Not only are the products of the very highest quality, but the customer service is second to none! Thank you to Anker for their commitment to excellence. You will always be my first choice in product purchases. Few companies impress the the way you have!To anyone considering an Anker purchase, i cannot recommend them enough. I've never had a company go so far above and beyond just to make sure I'm satisfied.I love Anker products. Every one i have ever bought (from battery packs, to chargers, to cables) have always been my go-to company. This is the first time i have ever had a complaint, but this device simply refused to work for whatever reason. Packaging was great, fit and finish immaculate -- as has been every Anker product i have ever purchased.Sadly, this device has not worked at all. I give Anker the benefit of the doubt because i have NEVER had a bad experience with them. I would return it, but i waited too long to try it out and threw away the packaging. I never expected a problem so i didn't try it out immediately. My advice would be to test the product immediately no matter what quality one expects.I take no pleasure in reporting an Anker product that did not work. I reiterate that EVERY Anker product I have ever bought has been what i consider the pinnacle of quality and performance in it's respective category. I think I unfortunately just got a defective product this time and i waited too long to return to Amazon.

	
  This little guy is a solid USB-C to HDMI adapter that will handle a variety of resolutions to a variety of devices. It’s also stylish to boot!Comparison to Other ProductsAnker (and many others) have quite a few offerings in this area. The main thing you need out of one of these adapters is the ability to flexibly deliver a variety of resolutions to a slew of different devices. As both a college AV technician and a regular presenter at national EdTech conferences, I see a lot of these things fail. The presenters always say, “but this works on my projector!” Of course it does, but this is a whole different scenario!PerformanceAs expected, this product performs great out of the box. I observed solid performance at 1080 and 2160 (4K) out of my Chromebook Flip C302.ConclusionGreat adapter that is going to meet your needs, and well worth the money. I have not found any cons yet. I’ll update with some if there are any. I’ve got a conference in Milwaukee next week so we’ll see how it stands up under pressure!

	
  I'm currently using this with both a 2019 MacBook Pro and Lenovo ThinkPad E485 and it's works pretty flawless. My external monitor is an LG UltraWide running at 2560x1080 @ 60Hz. The adapter itself if small and compact, so having a few of them on hand is great for multiple monitors (Mac will support two external monitors plus the laptop itself for a total of three).While not the end of the world, one thing that bugs me about the Anker products are the USB-C side of the adapters all seem to be different. In the third photo, this USB-C to HDMI adapter is at the bottom (the one with the logo). I also have the Premier USB-C Hub (middle one) and the Premium 7-in-1 USB-C Hub (top one). While they share similar build quality (which is sturdy, not cheap-o plastic), I had hopes that the ends would all match in side and branding.If you just need a simple adapter, this is a great one to go with. If you are limited in ports (say, like the two-port MacBook Air) you might want to consider the 7-in-1 hub as it has USB-C power pass-thru, HDMI, another USB-C, two USB 3, and microSD reader.

	
  I plugged it into my Thunderbolt 3 port and it worked on Ubuntu 18.04 out of the box without any drivers. I have a 4K 32 inch LED screen and this adapter managed to output 4K at 60 Hz with absolutely no lag. I also tried it on Kubuntu 18.04 and Neon Linux and all of them worked flawless without any drivers. Then I tested on USB-C 3.0 port and it also worked. I then tried it on my XPS 13 and XPS 15 running Ubuntu and it worked immediately.Very high quality, well built and looks very good with my silver XPS laptops. I took a risk since no one knew if this works on Linux and I am glad it did work. Very happy about the purchase.

	
  I use this product at work for use with a 4k60Hz monitor for my MacBook Pro (13-inch, 2018, Four Thunderbolt 3 ports) and it works great.I'm able to get 4k at 60Hz with this adapter.

	
  When I first moved into my house, I went a month without internet.  My only option was my cell phone.  Of course I could tether it to my laptop, but being unsure of any tethering data limit, I wanted to keep this to a minimum.  I began looking at adapters such as this for Netflix, but never ended up getting one at the time.  So, when this came up a few months later, as a Lightning Deal, I jumped on it.I've tried it on my TV and on an ultra-wide monitor.  It works well on both.  A couple things to note:1) It leaves a black border around the edges of the screen.  I'm not sure if the Samsung adapter does this or not, as I've never tried it.  It may be normal, and it's not too big an issue for me.2) You may want to start with a fully charged battery.  The adapter seems to draw power from the phone, and drains the battery a little faster.  Also, since it's taking up your charging port, you won't be able to use a charger at the same time.  When I connected it to my TV, through my Yamaha receiver, the phone said it was connected to a charger, but it was not charging, as I watched the battery percentage drop while connected.It works well for, say, watching a movie from Netflix or Disney+, etc, as long as you start with plenty of charge, but you'll probably need to charge your device again afterward.  It may work great with a laptop.  Maybe I'll try that at a later date, in which case I'll update my review.

	
  This is exactly what it sounds like. USB-C to HDMI adapter. It works the way it should and it provides the ability to use many USB-C type devices with HDMI monitors. It's small and compact and the braided cable design is fantastic. I love everything about this as an adapter. It even works with Samsung as a Dex adapter. Unlike the Dex stations, your phone won't charge, but you can use it to use Samsung Dex as long as you have battery. There is not a whole lot to say about it other than it does what it sounds like it should do.

	
  The Anker USB C to HDMI Adapter, Aluminum Portable USB C Adapter, Supports 4K 60Hz works to extend one of my ASUS Chromebox 3's display output across two 55" 4k HDTVs, non-mirrored.  This adaptor lets me use the USB C port to send 4K video/audio streaming output to a second HDTV. Plug and play. The 1st HDTV is plugged into the primary HDMI port, using an HDMI-to-HDMI cable.I can simultaneously see two-or-more Chrome windows, spread across the two big screens, with their content magnified to the size where I can see everything clearly. I just drag the open windows between the two 55" 4K Sony HDTVs that I have ceiling-mounted side-by-side. Combined, they are about eight-feet wide and 38" tall.

	
  If you need to hook up a USB-C laptop to an HDMI display, this adapter is perfect: cheap and it just works. Nothing to install or configure, just plug and play.

	
  Works great with my samsung Galaxy s10e and vizio tv. Just plug and play. My boyfriend's samsung galaxy s9 works too but he has to plug it in multiple times before the tv shows samsung dex is working ( when it doesn't connect properly it says something about the screen resolution isn't supported).  Adapter does get very hot. Also sometimes my s10e won't recognize it has been connected and I'll have to restart my phone and try again, then the phone shows message "HDMI connected" and the samsung dex starts up.

	
  Works great. During one movie it was a little blurry when they did distance shots. It may have been the feed not sure yet.

	
  I used it to hook my phone up to a cars video entertainment system.  It works as I expected it to without any issues.  The items feels like it will hold up well.  Typical Anker quality item.

	
  I bought two of these Anker USB-C to HDMI connectors for my home office and love it. I hook up my 15" Macbook Pro to two Asus 24" monitors and love being able to just plug in and keep working on the big screens.

	
  Used this adapter on a Lenovo Tiny with the USB-C port in the back, up to a HDMI port on my monitor. No issues at all.

	
  Worked exactly as needed plus the added benefit of firing up Dex for my Samsung Galaxy S10e.

	
  The adapter is good quality and feels sturdy. Works perfectly with my MacBook. The cable is a little stiff, which would be annoying for other things, but I don't think that matters for what I use it for.

	
  The reviews are on point. That is why I purchased this item. The reviews did not disappoint. Great buy! I have a MacBook air. No need to waste your money on other products.

	
  Great alternative to Apple’s proprietary device. Works great between Mac mini Thunderbolt/USB-C port and HDMI monitor.

	
  This was exactly what I needed. The quality is good and sturdiness of the device is excellent.

	
  Was surprised that all the products I ordered all came from China. All cords I previously bought in another sight came from China and they got busted after one month, so I hope this one lasts more than that. Picture quality though is excellent with no lapse and audio disruption with my HP Envy.

	
  Worked as it should fast delivery.  Good price. Looks well made and easy to take with me in my computer case.

	
  Great price and it can deliver 4k 60hz to my Samsung monitor. Once again, Anker does not make me upset about their product.

	
  It works. And it's small. Seems to be well built. I get 4K output from my Dell XPS 13 2020.

	
  Adapter worked fine for me on an iMac. No configuration. Just plugged it in and second monitor was working.

	
  Works great with my MacBook Pro, plug and play, no issues, I’m now able to use two external monitors. Anker makes great stuff, I’m never disappointed.

	
  Works perfect. I bought a different off-brand and had nothing but problems but this has worked right out of the box. Anker is a good brand to stick with.

	
  Worked right out the box with my 2018 13” Macbook Pro. No problems with it so far!

	
  Works fine for me I assume if you phone has a USB-c worse case download a app mine was plug and play

	
  Works great, better than other brands that heats up where the adapter and the hdmi

	
  This is exactly what I was looking for, a quality USB-C to 60 Hz 4K HDMI adapter. Works great so far!

	
  I love all Anker products. Works well. No problems. 5 stars always.

	
  Perfect.  I have a new MacBook Air. I had my second monitor working in less then 5 minutes

	
  Worked perfectly for my Lenovo Yoga

	
  Works good so far

	
  I have used this almost daily for about three months with absolutely zero problems. I am running two monitors off of my laptop one with HDMI and one with this adapter.  I am able to have three different screens using this adapter!!!

	
  Plugged it in and it worked!Can't ask for more than that.

	
  Wife used it once with no issues. Don’t use these very often, so hard to say more.

	
  Great quality

	
  I use this product to stream media from my Galaxy note 10. Works great took me a few minutes to set it up and figure out how to make it work through my phone but have had no wish U sends. We should charge wallet played that's the only drawback everything else has been great. excellent quality product

	
  Works great and as intended. Appears to be of nice quality and material.

	
  I was able to screen share my Samsung 9+ on my TV.  That was all I was looking for.

	
  Needed this to connect my laptop to a 32 inch monitor. Does what I needed, great value.

	
  No disappointments

	
  Another win for ANKER. Works flawlessly with iPad Pro 11 inch (2020 model) and HDMI outlet on 4K television.

	
  Easy to use, rock solid and reliable.

	
  Works perfectly on my Google Chromebook 2015.

	
  Very happy that this adapter works with my OnePlus 7 Pro and Galaxy Tab S6! Great adapter and sturdy design.

	
  Another great Anker product

	
  This was the solution I needed to hook up my Usbc Mac book to the tv.

	
  If you own a Microsoft Surface for work, this adapter is a must have for your travel gear.

	
  Product has worked great since I received it.

	
  Feels high quality, woven cable portion is nice.  Been working great for a few months now

	
  Works as it should. Reliable and nice to have in my work bag.

	
  Compact and sturdy, it works flawlessly. Anker, you did it again!

	
  Works as advertised

	
  I used it for my Mac Mini 2018 to connect 2 monitors.Good quality without any troubles.

	
  Excelente calidad en los amteriales de construccion, sensacion premium, funcional y excelente conpatibilidad con los dispositivos

	
  Very high quality like all Anker products, works great.

	
  Works great on my Mac Mini and my 2020 MacBook pro.  Simple inexpensive enhancement.

	
  Good product and exactly what I need

	
  Works great! Have a Surface Pro Laptop and a MacBook 13” and the USB-C converter works great for projectors and TVs.

	
  I was a little worried about getting a no-name accessory for my MacBook Air figuring I’d get what I paid for. Luckily, this little adapter has exceeded my expectations. So far it’s worked flawlessly.

	
  Anker USB-C works well, good quality and great value. I used to connect my MacBook Air on tv to stream shows unto tv.Love the product.Thank you,EVY

	
  My TV wasn't recognizing wireless screen pairing since it is older.  This connector solved that issue.  Now I can download movies on Vudu and I can watch them while on the road.

	
  I used this Anker adapter to show videos and pictures I took with my Galaxy S10+.  I also tried it out using several digital downloads of movies I own.  The adapter worked great on all counts.

	
  Bought this not knowing if I would use.  But now that I am working from home it came in very handy. Was able to run dual screens off my work laptop with no issues.

	
  I have been looking for a while for an adaptor to simple mirror my iPad Pro 2 to my devices through HDMI cable. I had another adapter that I used with my iMac but it doesn’t work. This one does the trick. Great design and material and does the job perfectly.

	
  Easy to use while it worked. Stopped working in less than 3 monthsHave a raised a warranty request with Anker and will update post accordingly** Update 05/18 - After repeated debugging steps and reinstalling usb-c & thunderbolt drivers multiple times device worked again. Not sure if recent Windows 10 update broke connectivity

	
  I got this to use it with my PH-1. The only downside is that the phone has a notch so apps that dont use the notch area will be shifted over on your TV screen

	
  I'm using this to connect a 2018 iPad pro to an HDMI monitor. It works with no problems, and barely gets warm.  It is fairly compact, well made, and the physical connections are nice and secure.

	
  I'm using this to connect my HDMI monitor to a USB C port in a thunderbolt dock. For whatever reason the dock won't take passive adapters when my laptop would if plugged in directly (dumb, I know). Works as expected, it's the usual high quality Anker product.

	
  This adapter has the look of quality kit and it is truly plug and play.  inserted the USB C into my Surface Pro 7 and an HDMI cord into the adapter and the image on my computer is replicated on the HDMI monitor.  Videos play without hesitation and full definition.

	
  Previously used a USB-C hub to connect my Samsung Galaxy Tab S6 to my TV, but Amazon Prime Video refused to work in DeX mode (gave encryption error).With this adapter I can quickly connect my tablet to my TV and watch Prime Video with my family.

	
  Making this review for those who are trying to find an adapter that will work well with the Asus Zephyrus G14. It works just as intended at 60hz (60fps). The braided cable and metal body really are too notch. Super impressed.A few things to note:1) Makes sure that if you're plugging into a 4k or higher display that you change the settings in windows to output to 1080p for best results from the GPU.2) DO NOT CLOSE YOUR LAPTOP WHEN USING ON A DISPLAY. This laptop gets too hot and by design draws air from the keyboard. The heat from just general gaming could damage the display.

	
  What more can you for first it’s an anker product so you know it’s quality. Second the cord is reinforced braided. Doesn’t overheat or use to much battery on my iPad Pro (2018) with usb c and works fantastic on my oneplus 7 pro

	
  Anker has been my go to for charging cables, so this was a no brainier when I needed one of these. I'm using this with a Chromebook to add a second monitor. This even works with a HDMI to DVI cable on my older monitors too.

	
  Using it to connect an LG 34CB88 Ultrawide 34" curved monitor to my 2019 MacBook Pro 16".  Works like a champ.  No hiccups, no problems, no surprises.The adapter gets slightly warm to the touch, but never hot.

	
  Anker makes great products. I’ve ordered from them in the past and their customer service is excellent. We use this on our HP Chromebook so we can watch it on our TV.The day after I ordered it the 5 in 1 hub went on sale. That is the one I really wanted. Oh well, we’ll use this one.

	
  Works great on my new Dell Tablet, I am running it on a docking station and needed to connect a HDMI monitor. This USB to HDMI connector is working great. Very little heat buildup. The hdmi connection is aluminum and fits well. The braided USB cord has nice flexibility. A well made product

	
  I've started to purchase and use Anker products for a few years and this adapter is reflective of why I'm a fan. It is well-made, sturdy and does the job without costing a great deal.

	
  I have a 2019 MacBook Air laptop with Catalina O.S. installed and it works flawlessly. Anker products are of high quality material that never disappoint. I highly recommend them.

	
  Works great in connecting a MacBook Pro 2018 to a variety of monitors.

	
  Good adapter. I use it to connect from my XPS 15 to my 2k display. I'm able to get 100 Hz refresh which is good for gaming.

	
  Great product. Easy to use and works like acharm

	
  It worked great, and no video or audio issues with Fedora Linux on a Dell XPS-13. This was connected to a 1080p television. The build quality seems good, and I've had very good experiences with Anker products in the past.

	
  Good value for the price.  Just what I needed to connect my device to a monitor.  Easy plug and play.

	
  Used two of these for the Mac Mini and works great

	
  Works well.  The material is very sturdy and feels look me it will last.

	
  Initially purchased unit did not have a stable connection with 2017 rMBP 15", got a replacement with Anker support, since then the unit has been working great. It worked with ultrawide 3440x1440 at 60hz.

	
  Works great to connect iPad Pro to a tv via HDMI. Screen mirroring and audio flow without a hassle.

	
  I bought several items from UtechSmart and I am your new loyal customer. Very impressed with the quality and the nice design as well. My next target is travel adapter- never had a really reliable one.

	
  completely satisfied.

	
  looks so beautiful and high quality works as advertised. The only problem with it is that it gets some heat but I believe that shouldn't be a problem.

	
  No issues.  Seems like a quality built item.

	
  Better than expected. Good quality, fair price. Recommend brand.

	
  Great product, I keep this in my backpack as my MacBook has USB-C only ports which makes it difficult at times to work in various places.

	
  What more can you ask for. Next day shipping. Excellent product. Don’t pay extra money for the “Apple” brand name adapter. This USB C to hdmi adapter works perfectly.

	
  Works great!

	
  Works well for Samsung note 8, Samsung S9+ and Samsung S20.

	
  Value for the money

	
  Worked perfectly

	
  EXACTLY WHAT I NEEDED FOR MY IPAD TO TV.

	
  Works well with Lenovo Yoga C740 laptop!

	
  I love this good price and good quality

	
  Muy buena calidad. 100% recomendable.

	
  Used device for viewing laptop to tv

	
  Works well and seems sturdy.

	
  Works great, high quality.

	
  Works perfectly

	
  I've tested with my Samsung Galaxy Note 10+ and Galaxy Tab S6. Both of those properly and immediately output to Dex on my television. Audio and video work perfectly at 1080p. It didn't provide the option for a higher resolution, but this is the same behavior as other cables I've tried.Connecting to my Dell XPS 15 it also works great here. Easily displaying 4k@60hz to my TCL 4k television. No problems with handshaking or displaying copy-protected content.This is the perfect cable to travel with. I keep a small HDMI cable and one of these dongles in the bag. This allows me to connect laptops or phones to TV's at hotels and display whatever I want. The cable itself also well made with its durable nylon shielding and metal construction.Overall, it's does exactly as it said it would do. As such, it's an easy recommendation from me.

	
  Light, easy to pack in most notebook bags and cases.

	
  Worked great on a 5 night work trip, on 5 different hotel tvs. No issues 👍

	
  It works great. No drama. All good

	
  Great product. However, it is not the cheapest one on the market. In turn, you will get a well-made product with premium materials and excellent video quality.

	
  Quality product and works as designed.

	
  Good quality; Good choice!

	
  It came on time and was what I needed.

	
  The customer service center is excellent, no complaints about it

	
  Excelent

	
  Works GREAT

	
  Nice sleek design and works flawlessly. What more could you ask for?

	
  Make sure your usb-c supports DisplayPort out mode. Not all do. Works great on my chrome book but not on my MSI laptop GE63 Raider RGB-012.

	
  Exactly what i needed and expected.  Top quality.

	
  Use to connect a second monitor to a laptop, worked perfectly.

	
  Plug and play with my Dell XPS9350 and Samsung S10+ allowing for easy display on a monitor or HDTV

	
  Works as expected

	
  4K 60 FPS no problems, works as stated from usb c to Hdmi.

	
  Worked just fine with my iPad Pro.

	
  Excellent design

	
  Best and most reliable adapter I have used. Very pleased with quality and value.

	
  Works perfectly!

	
  The product works seamlessly on my Laptop.

	
  I really enjoy all of my Anker products. I have Anker Headphones, charge cables and now this product. My laptop is USB-C specific so having this adapter on hand has been super helpful.

	
  Easy to use

	
  Solid so far. Using with my MacBook 16.  I think there cheaper options out there but prefer the Anker and their brand promise.

	
  Works for 2020  MacBook Pro.

	
  Very solid product, easy to use, great quality

	
  I connected it from my smartphone into my TV and it immediately began working!  Very pleased with the price and problem free connectivity.

	
  Simple operation with high quality materials.  What else is there to say?

	
  This adapter is quite sturdy and simple to use. I have had no issues with glitching or anything of that sort and the build quality is great.

	
  This is a basic usb c to hdmi adapter and i like its simplicity. I leave this connected to the spare hdmi cable so anytime i want to connect a usb-c device it connects instantly. Works as advertised and its not bulky. Some people prefer multiple hubs but for those whose needs are mainly just connecting their usb c devices to bigger screens, this is a good one and worth trying out.

	
  I spend a lot of time studying and watching instructional videos for my exams so I like the ability to connect my laptop to my tv so I can have the exam content playing while I write notes and highlight corresponding passages in my textbook.  When my 6 year old laptop died (again and for certain) right before my second of 6 exams, I panicked and ordered the new Surface Laptop 3.  I knew I needed a way to connect out to the HDMI input on my tv, so I ordered this the same day.  It works perfectly, I am extremely happy, and I passed my second exam.

	
  Anker does it again with a great portable usbc to hdmi adapter, been using it to connect my iPad Pro to my TV and loving the great small size.I bring this adapter everywhere with me, this was a great addition to who ever uses a iPad Pro or need a usbc to hdmi adapter

	
  This little gem worked perfectly to broadcast my Samsung S10+ in 2160p the very first time I tried it, fitting easily onto my hdmi cable and into my phone. No issues, whatsoever.I initially bought the Aukey version of this product, and while it was slightly more compact and felt more "solid," it was a pain to pull off the hdmi cable (WAY too tight to the point of compromising my cable connector) and the usb-c connection was way too loose (if you moved it, you lost connection).

	
  This is a great product which you can use to connect your video content from your cell phone on to your TV. Screencast?? that is a bs with all the lagging while playing a 4k video due to the bandwidth usage. This is a great way to enjoy your videos directly on the big screen. You can also connect your monitor if it has HDMI connectivity.My samsung note 8 has special software that helps me use my cell phone as a mouse pad and makes the monitor to look like a desktop. I am very happy with this product.

	
  The USB-C to HDMI adapter works well with my Samsung Galaxy S10. It allows me to mirror my screen or use Samsung DeX with no problem. I can even watch videos on the TV and use headphones connected to my phone to listen without bothering anyone. The adapter has a good look and feel. Paired with a short HDMI cable, I can see how it would be useful while traveling so you can use a large screen or projector without worrying about WiFi connections or someone intercepting the connection between phone and TV/projector. I've used it with both cheap and expensive HDMI cables and different TVs and it's always preformed very well.

	
  Found this on Amazon within a minute or so, ordered it, and arrived quickly. Good quality for the price. Used this to connect my second monitor to my work HP Elitebook laptop.

	
  I think that it is a really well made device but I also think that since most devices that have USB-C are only having two ports now. I lost a port to the HDMI adapter and another to the charger so I do not have any space to have my bluetooth keyboard and mouse setup which is kind of annoying so I ended up ordering their 7 with power delivery to charge on the same port and have extra options for usb.

	
  Bought this to hook my mid-2019 MacBook Pro to my TV screen when desired. The wire part uses that bungee fabric material which I believe makes the wire less fragile, which is a big reason I did not want to purchase the official Apple version of this dongle. Connects super quickly via the USB-C, compared to my older Macs where I used an HDMI to USB 2.0/3.0 dongle for this same purpose.

	
  Worked great with my LG G8 (Android 9) phone and ~10 year-old Samsung (dumb) TV.  Going through the receiver, the image wasn't as good, but I didn't try to change the video settings.  My guess it could have been adjusted with a little effort.  The image displayed on the widescreen TV was a little smaller than full, but perfectly acceptable.  Great little travel gadget for 12 bucks.

	
  Works perfectly!

	
  got this for my brother and he said It works so far

	
  Satisfied.  Very good quality, highly recommended.

	
  Good construction, never had problems with a compatible device.

	
  Works with my late 2019 MacBook Pro.

	
  So far it works great 👍 👌  I was able to mirror my tablet and phone to my truck stereo

	
  I bought this adapter to use Samsung dex. It works well.

	
  It does what it should good  product.  Just as good as Samsung one. More than half price s10plus

	
  Im happy with the purchase

	
  This appears to be a quality build and is working as advertised.  Nice fit and finish as well.

	
  I love this thing! It's so compact and simple, but performs very well. The first time I tried to use it, I thought it was broken or maybe it didn't work with my device, but then I got help from Anker support and realized I hadn't checked the Input source on the TV I was plugging into. After doing that, it worked great! I am using a Google Pixel Slate with this, so if you're wondering whether it works with this device, it does!

	
   I use this to connect a Macbook Pro to an external monitor and it works great -- exactly as expected!  I have had no issues with it.  The end connectors are solidly built and the braided cord looks sturdy.  Time will tell if it lasts, but in my set up I don't need to bend the cable much so it shouldn't get stressed.  I have to say something about the packaging -- it's great!  No extra bulk or hard to open tabs or anything requiring a pair of scissors or pliers.  I especially like how the cable can be released from the backing by simply pinching the plastic tabs on the back.  Nicely done.Thanks for watching!

	
  I am using this adapter for my work computer that doesn't have a full size HDMI port.  It's really helpful to be able to easily hook up that computer to my monitor at home.  I have noticed no issues with this capable.  It does the job.  the quality is great.  I like the braided cable and that both ends of the connector feel sturdy.  Anker is my go-to brand for battery charges and this adapter cable meets my high expectations too.

	
  I tested this with my 4K TV and my LG G7. I was able to output 4K netflix to my TV. Additionally testing it with one of my laptops allowed me to output 4K30 (this is all the laptop supports). This device doesn't require external power; although it will drain your battery depending on what resolution you output.It gets warm to the touch when using it; but was fine for a 2 hour movie.If my review helped you at all; please mark it helpful! Thanks!

	
  I love Anker charging products, and when given the opportunity to try this on Vine, I had to jump at it. I was not disappointed, and you won't be, either. A quick plug and play that I use for a dual monitor set up with my Yoga 720. Anker makes a great product, and this is yet another one. Highly recommended.

	
  This does exactly what it's supposed to, and does it easily.  I can connect my MacBook Pro to the television, and mirror pictures and video, with excellent quality picture and sound.If my review was helpful, please click the button below.

	
  Now that everything is moving to USB C, I needed a way to connect a laptop to a monitor that only had HDMI, and this did the trick! Using it for editing video, and there's no lag whatsoever. It's exactly what I needed and works great!

	
  This is a plug and play adapter that makes it easy to cast your MacBook display onto a separate screen. I use it with my MacBook Pro with no issues.

	
  After trying several different brands and styles, this is the first one that actually works as advertised.

	
  Worked right out of the box.

	
  I had tried several other usb-c to hdmi converters before. I had to plug and unplug a few times to make them works. But Anker just works in the first try all the time.

	
  Works well. Easy to use does what it is supposed to. Good quality.

	
  Works great. Allows you to hook your phone up to an hdmi cable.  Good quality.

	
  Works perfectly with my iPad pro 11' screen mirroring and my Galaxy s20 for Samsung DeX, which is what I originally ordered it for!

	
  Good product, easy to use. No power cord needed.

	
  I found it good .Value for money.

	
  Thought I got a lemon when it wouldn't display anything at all. If you encounter any trouble, just pull out the HDMI cable a tiny bit until it connects.Otherwise, absolutely perfect

	
  Works exactly as described. Excellent quality. Works perfectly right out of the box, no setup required.

	
  Great quality!

	
  Great adapter for a Mac as it supports 4K at 60Hz, and every Anker product I’ve owned has been high quality, which seems to be the case here.

	
  Works the way it's supposed to.Tried with my laptop and android phone to connect to my ultrawide monitor without any problems.And it's just $15. Worth the money, totally.

	
  Good product. Works well and reliable

	
  This works well and feels that it's made of good quality. A friendly staff member was able to help me right away with a question.

	
  After buying an actual USB C to HDMI cable that didn't work, I bought this adapter figuring I always have a regular HDMI cable I can use with it.  And ya know what, it just works.

	
  Was looking for a good alternative to the apple version and anker definitely did not disappoint. Purchased several items from anker and they have all preformed above the standard. Especially love the tangke free braided cord.

	
  Corfirming this works with Samsung Note 9

	
  It did exactly what I wanted it to do.  I needed to extend my desktop and it did it instantly.

	
  Compact size and works great with Apple laptop, would be nice if it also had USB-A or USB-C on it as well.

	
  Solid build quality, and great price.  I can confirm that it outputs to one display 4k @ 60hz with a Microsoft Surface Go from 2018 (8GB/128GB/pentium gold model).

	
  Worked well to connect iPad Pro to Sony Bravia Smart. Used to get a big screen for zoom, virtual workout. Just plugged right into hdmi and set input. Good to go!

	
  Worked as expected

	
  Excellent quality

	
  I just wanted an HDMI adapter that I could leave hooked up to my TV in my apartment at all times to display netflix on my tv and it works perfectly. No complaints, and way cheaper than getting a multi-port adapter! It also feels sturdy!

	
  Y’all it’s better than spending like $30+ for an apple one when this one does the same job.The object is like low key a little heavy so try to balance the converter on something flat if you are planning to use it for a while so it won’t break.

	
  It is working.

	
  Worked with no issues, plug and play.

	
  As expected.. plug and configure to get 4k@60Hz.. no issues

	
  No problems

	
  Can't beat Anker! Reliable product and never fail you, guaranteed!

	
  Work as advertised, seem good build quality and have experienced no problems.

	
  Does what it’s supposed to do and it looks nice too.

	
  Great device!!! 5 stars!

	
  Nice to see heat shrink for labeling.

	
  Very good fine material

	
  Plug n play. Works great. Well made

	
  Instantly it transfers the video to your TV perfect.  WOW!

	
  ir works well

	
  Great item

	
  I use to connect my i PAD with the TV

	
  Sleek and does exactly what I needed it to do.

	
  So far, it works great for my MacBook Air. So much better than paying $50+ from the Apple store!

	
  great that it allowed me to connect to tv

	
  Perfect like almost every Anker product.

	
  It looks good and works great! Very nice build quality and it doesn't take up a lot of room to store it. I've used it quite a bit so far with no issues!

	
  Works great. Compact. Would buy again.

	
  I needed an adapter to go from my Lightning port on my Lenovo laptop to HDMI on my TV. This adapter works perfectly!

	
  Works great with my Huawei P30 Pro. Small profile.

	
  I love how well it works. I use it to hook up my iPad Pro  to my TV’s HDMI and it works wonderfully.

	
  with just fine with the note 10+

	
  This is for my Dell notebook. It works fine.

	
  Just plugged the USB-C end into my Samsung Galaxy S8 and the HDMI end into my smart TV. Set the TV's source to HDMI1 and suddenly my phone was on the screen. Easy peasy.Some of the videos on the phone are crystal clear but on the TV they are not sharp, a litty blurry. I'm not savvy enough to determine if this is a problem of the adapter or the user. :/

	
  I bought this a few months back but the first one I had failed on me for some reason where the audio would not connect with my computer despite trying multiple devices and multiple cords. So I contacted Anker and they immediately sent me a new dongle which worked beautifully. Even if my first one didn't work out, the second one worked perfectly and I cannot say enough about the customer service that Anker provides. Overall, one of the best trusted brands out there for sure.

	
  It seems solidly built, and does what I'd expect. At first I'd need to power cycle my monitor repeatedly in order for it to work, but I eventually discovered that that was on a poor quality HDMI cable I was using. Since I switched to a better cable, it's been rock solid for 1440p (WQHD, if you prefer).If I had one complaint, it's that the edges of the casing are a little sharp, and might scratch up my desk over the long haul. I guess I could take some sandpaper to it if I was that bothered.

	
  This connector worked great on my small Chromebook for hook-up to my 52' flatscreen TV - Was able to get Netflix- I'm sure it will work for other applications like Netflix- One input/side is larger for the TV port and one side is smaller for the Chromebook port.

	
  Bought this for my spouses phone. Been binge watching for two days now. Almost completely plug & play with Samsung S9. Phone does not charge while playing videos on TV via HDMI cable. But, everyone needs a bathroom break & a snack break occasionally.

	
  I use this to connect my Lenovo Yoga 730 laptop to a projector. It took me a couple of tires to find the cable that worked, but this one is it.  I can also use it to connect my laptop to my TV.  I think I can also use it to connect my Samsung Galaxy S9 to both my projector and TV,but I haven't tried yet.

	
  Love this little device.  I can now stream from my phone using Verizon network, directly to the TV.  Plug and play.  I have purchased other products from Anker (laptop batteries, Laptop power supplies, robot vacuum) and have always been happy with their products and their service.

	
  What could be better than a product that does exactly what you need it to do, does it perfectly, and gives you absolutely no problems at all? That’s been my experience with these adapters. I have a fairly new MacBook Pro with 4 USB ports, driving three 32-inch monitors (plus internal display). Works flawlessly. Couldn’t be happier!

	
  Got this to mirror my Samsung Galaxy S20+ to a TV when on vacation.  I used to use my phone's hotspot and connect to a Fire Stick, but T-Mobile throttles down the speed so much, even Netflix has buffering issues.  Now I can use my 4G LTE or 5G when streaming.  Works perfect.

	
  I dont have any other similar products to compare this to, but it's pretty straightforward. Works great. It gets a little warm, but not hot. Solid materials.I use it with my phone to stream movies on my screen projector. Can we say Family "Drive-In" mini-theater? So much fun!

	
  Works well

	
  It works

	
  Love! If you have a dell XPS laptop and you are attempting to connect it to a monitor save yourself the frustration, you will need this and it works! Thank me later :)

	
  Quick service. Anker quality

	
  Built well.

	
  Works with my MacPro and doesn’t cost an arm and a leg... don’t tell Apple! :)

	
  Anker = 5 stars. I have never been disappointed with an Anker product.

	
  Works as expected

	
  I'm using these to connect my Samsung Galaxy S9 to my TV and it works just fine.

	
  This Anker adapter is super solid and feels very nice. It's a great deal and has worked as expected with no issues. Data flows from my Mac to second screen with zero lag.

	
  Anne's is quality

	
  Works great with my MacBook air

	
  It worked right out of the box. Just connected, hit the function and  monitor button on the computer and there it was on the big screen.

	
  works as expected

	
  I can say that it works and I havent has an issue yet. It gets plugged and unplugged alot without any issue.

	
  Arrived quickly and worked as described.

	
  I like Anker as a brand. This seems sturdy and it does exactly what it says

	
  Good quality.Works as advertised.

	
  Works fine at 4K/60, much more affordable and seems better built than the Apple alternative.

	
  Works with Samsung S10.

	
  Using to connect my MacBook Pro to an external monitor. No issues so far.

	
  Product was received quick and works as expected

	
  Not much to say about it. Works as expected. The quality of the product seems great and I'm able to get 4k @ 60hz as advertised.

	
  Once I figured out that my Dell 4K display didn't support 4K60 I tested it on a newer Dell monitor. Perfect. HDCP support and Sound as well.

	
  Works great. High quality like everything else Anker I have purchased.

	
  This worked perfectly to allow me to send video out thru my USB-C port on my Acer 715 chromebook.

	
  Works as expected. Netflix works with my Note 8 when output to my TV.

	
  Picture looks amazing

	
  I previously bought another brand's while I was in China for work and it always lost signal even when I didn't move my laptop (super annoying!). The one I bought form Anker works as you would expect, even when I reposition my computer on my desk. So happy I can trash the other brand I bought.

	
  Use this from my 2019 iMac to an LG TV for full-screen previews in Premiere Pro. It works great, no issues.

	
  Another great product from Anker! Took about 10 seconds for the iPad to recognize this then screen sharing started right up. Great product for the price.

	
  I was expecting a good product from this brand, but the video glitches just like other reviews have mentioned. When it glitches the audio and video don’t match up anymore so I have to remove the wires and reconnect everything again.UPDATE: 7/9/20I was contacted by the seller and provided with a replacement that works great. Not to mention their customer service was amazing and they were very helpful!

	
  Short and sturdy cable is portable and appears very durable.  Used for about 4 hours of movie watching so far, and all is good; gets a bit warm but assume that is normal.

	
  The product works as intended and seems to be of good quality, very Anker-like. Useful since I need to work from home during this COVID19 crisis.

	
  Works well, stable signal, does its job. Sturdy and sleek metal matte finish adds a touch of class. Light and portable, must have for my new computer

	
  4K60Hz on hdmi2.0 works flawlessly. Device will heat up a bit.Best to have a side port for charging, for models that has only 1 usb-c.

	
  As advertised, using with a Note 10+ for screen mirror and Dex.  Anker products have been solid for me in the past and have had good service.

	
  It took a few tries to get it to cooperate initially, but ever since, I've not had any issues with it. Works really reliably.

	
  This adapter is very well made. Thick, high quality plastics, nice strain relief boots, and a braided cord. Works like a charm!

	
  This adapter has a nice, high quality feel to it. Works as it should with my Dell XPS 13" laptop that only has USB C ports.

	
  This is one strong cable USB C to HDMI adapter, it is light and works very well.and it goes well with Mac pro design. if you are looking for one this is the right one for you!

	
  I leave this plugged into my TV so that I can quickly connect my computer or phone. Feels very sturdy and matches my Macbook Pro's color perfectly!

	
  Very nicely constructed. Works well connecting my MacBook to the monitor and tv. Would highly recommend this cable.

	
  This is a unquie design than all the usbc cables that are available currently in the market, hdmi connecter is so slim, I really like the way it’s designed and the braided cable makes me feel that it’s reliable.

	
  This works as expected. Quality is nice, it is aluminum and the cable is braided. Works great with my iPad Pro!!

	
  Amazing product. Lightweight and doesn’t heat up!

	
  Great price and fast shipping! Works perfect to connect a phone to a HD TV without screen sharing abilities

	
  This little gadget is a life saver. This past Holiday season my MacBook Pro took a very unfortunate fall off a counter (thanks awesome family members) landing on a ceramic tile floor did wonders for the Retina display screen... NOT. Shattered in multiple places I was not stuck with a broken screen and the dooming thought of having to dish out $800 at the Apple Store to have it fixed. Until I got the brilliant idea to amazon one of these bad boys and use a monitor or my TV as a temporary screen until I have the 4-6 weeks and $800 to have my screen fixed. This adaptor has already been put through the test of durability and I must say it passed with flying colors. I have no issues hooking it up, and using it with my MacBook. It actually looks nicer (in my opinion) than the adapters I buy straight from Apple. This was certainly a great $10 investment! It even came with Prime Shipping— extra bonus!! This adapter is going to have a long life ahead of him even if the screen gets fixed! If you are in my pickle or just want to display on a bigger screen I would highly recommend purchasing this adapter I do not see a reason to buy a different one, this is the best adapter your money can buy!

	
  I needed to add an HDMI port to my Lenovo Chromebook.  Found this USB C adapter and it worked just by plugging it in!  I am very happy with this purchase.  Definitely worth the money.  I am going to use it to project training presentations but I also tested it by playing a movie and the picture and sound both transmitted to the tv without having to do anything on the computer.  Excellent!

	
  There are two parts to this review.Firstly, Amazon is ridiculously quick.  I'm on vacation in Florida, and the place we rented, while having a high definition TV, it has no cable content available.  So, all that is available is standard definition base cable. I have my HP Spectre with me through which I can get the world through the Wi-Fi available in our rental.  So, I got on Amazon and ordered up this adapter but accidentally sent it to my home address in New Jersey.  When I tried to correct it, I was advised it was too late.  It was already processed.  Therefore, I reordered it to go to the Florida address, and, of course, it arrived literally the next day in Key West, Florida.  How does that happen?  Anyway, I will have a spare waiting for me at home when I get there.Secondly, the product itself is great.  Along with the HDMI cord I also ordered, I plugged my laptop into the HDMI input on the TV and we're up and running.  It allows immediate data transfer.  It's perfect.  This adapter and the HDMI cable are now part of my travel kit of wires!

	
  Thankful for the product photo because that was helpful in quickly identifying what exact cable I needed. Works perfectly! Thank you!

	
  Needed HDMI adapter for my Dell XPS 13 and saw this was the cheapest option. So far works seamlessly and built from durable material.

	
  Awesome product! Works great with my MacBook! Highly recommend!

	
  definitely loved this purchase! and worth the money! It’s also easy to use and it’s small you can take anywhere!

	
  I was looking or a high quality connector from my laptop to high resolution monitor.  This one did the job perfectly.

	
  The adapter works perfectly for attaching a second monitor to a PC Tablet that only has USB C ports. Sturdy material.

	
  This product worked perfectly and exactly as described! I used it to connect my computer to my TV with no difficulty!

	
  I think it's a very good product, I like it.

	
  I just wanna use this adapter for my second monitor. It works well, and doesn't take much space. Great product, strongly recommend.

	
  Had to purchase a HDMI cable for my Mac work laptop. Decided on this one and it is works like a charm.It’s extremely light weight with a great legends that goes from my monitor to my laptop. No issues at all and works perfect. In addition wondered if it would work for my personal Mac laptop and it did!If I need to get another one this would definitely be the one I would get for personal or work because of the quality of the product. Easy to use and great size to pack it and go for any business trips or personal.

	
  So far so good! Good value, plug & play no drivers to install.

	
  I have a new Mac that needed to be hooked up to an external monitor with an HDMI connection. This worked flawlessly right out of the box, just plug and play and it's ready to go. Very pleased!

	
  Works well with my LG V30 phone.

	
  The cable was perfect and does exactly what is needed to setup dual displays!

	
  The product does exactly what is advertised. It feels very premium and it looks absolutely amazing. I keep it with my projector at home because I use a MacBook to project!

	
  Great product works perfect with my Samsung galaxy s10+ worked with both my tv and laptop flawlessly definitely would buy again

	
  Really good product. Good quality and picture. Great customer service as well!

	
  Really nice. Works perfectly but there is a little gap when it connects to the hdmi. It doesn’t affect how it works though, it works perfectly.

	
  Great product with quality materials for an affordable price. Have had it for a few months now and is still working great.

	
  Solid product. Gets the job done.

	
  It's a great product even has a cap for the cord which is really convenient.

	
  Appears to be a clear picture on screen. Very happy with it.

	
  Works well and easy set up with good material.

	
  Works just like I was expecting it to. Price is very good for the quality!

	
  Great product for a great price

	
  I love it, good quality and it works with samsung dex too.

	
  Works perfect with my Mac Pro!

	
  Works like a charm! And, it arrived quickly as described.

	
  I'm using for my zooming classes from my macbook pro to my panasonic tv

	
  Awesome quality!

	
  its very sturdy! very impressed by the quality

	
  Fast shipping and works great to show my screen on a projector in an area without wifi.

	
  Fast shipping and well packaged. Exactly what I needed to display from my MacBook Pro to a projector!

	
  Straightforward and works well with my iMac. Simple and sleek design, exactly what I was looking for!

	
  Got this for my 2015 New Macbook. Perfectly fits the computer and the cable looks very reliable.

	
   Love it, it’s strong very useful. Came so fast.

	
  Very nice quality.  Haven't tested signal yet

	
  Simple, good looking cable that does everything as advertised. Way cheaper than Apple.

	
  Best product I've used & I've used a lot this by far the best does what it says it does

	
  Nice little adaptor. Perfect for laptop to monitor applications. Seems solid and works like a champ!

	
  Really good value, especially given they used the higher quality fittings. Very slim and works as directed.

	
  Easy to use. I have ordered/used/ before and this is the first one I like. It only comes with the adaptors.

	
  Worked great! I was able to connect my Cintiq 16 to my iMac easily. I love how compact and portable it is.

	
  Using to connect 2nd monitor to laptop. Works great

	
  High-quality USB C to HDMI Adapter 4K cable. Highly recommended.

	
  Works flawlessly with my Dell XPS 13!

	
  this cable works great with my macbook air. Sturdy, good quality, great price. I haven't had any problems. Easy to use

	
  Excelente quality great image from phone to tv best price on Amazon will highly recommend

	
  This is just the product I was looking for.  Compact, precise and portable.  Works with my monitors and TV seamlessly

	
  Received item fast and it works great for what I need it for.

	
  Product came fast and we'll packaged. Very durable wire.

	
  Cord was a good price and gets the job done well. If you are looking for a good cable I recommend this oneI use it to add an extra monitor to my MacBook Pro

	
  Product as described.  Thank you!

	
  So far so good. Does what it says. No issue with video image. Super easy to take anywhere.

	
  Didn't work with my Pixel 2 but perfect screen mirroring with my chromebook.

	
  This product was super useful! I used it to attach my Mac to an at home projector. Works like a charm.

	
  I've had this cable for a few weeks, and it has worked great thus far! My laptop and monitor are now connected and my productivity has skyrocketed! Thank you.

	
  The adapter works perfectly, and feels to be made of durable materials, so it should survive living in my backpack. Seems like the move if you're looking for a simple adapter.

	
  Works great on Chromebook with a 34” monitor. Very pleased with the 2560x1080 resolution and speaker sound quality.

	
  Adapter works perfectly. It is very rugged and has not broken since purchasing, even though I've been using it consistently for several months.

	
  It fits

	
  This is a perfect product to connect your MacBook pro with your monitor. It works very well, is great quality, small enough to bring anywhere and is well priced!

	
  I needed an hdmi adapter to connect my drawing tablet to my iMac. Glad I found this item. It works exactly as it should, no issues. And for a great price. Highly recommended!!

	
  Excellent quality product that functions exactly as expected

	
  Work’s perfectly for my tab s6

	
  I have the Surface Pro 3 and everywhere else I looked this adaptor was $35+, it works well and great quality for half the price I would have paid!

	
  Works great. No lag! Good price!

	
  Use this product to connect our laptop to the tv for my son's online schooling. It also works to my s10 plus. Highly recommended! It is really worth the price.

	
  bought this since I have to present a lot of school and needed an adapter on hand for my laptop so I can connect to hdmi projectors. works well!

	
  Needed an HDMI to connect a second screen to my MacBook Pro and this works perfectly. Super quick shipping and a reliable product. 10/10 would recommend this for anyone needing a mini HDMI

	
  We needed this for our son's Chromebook for his zoom meetings now that school is online! This did just the trick! We also discovered it can help us do movies in our backyard! Such an awesome product! Buy it!

	
  The cable/adapter is neat, smart, and well priced. Ideal for a spare when traveling or these days plugging into the desk monitor. Tidier than the multi-adapter I am replacing.

	
  I was needing a USB-c to HDMI dongle for my MacBook and this worked perfectly. I was using a 1080p monitor at 60hz with no delay in Maya or Unreal.

	
  I needed this adapter to connect a Dell monitor (using an HDMI output) to my Macbook (using a USB-C input).  It worked exactly as I expected it to.

	
  The adapter is good quality and the price is cheaper than most.

	
  I use this to connect my MacBook to an external monitor at work.  It works great, and is small and portable.

	
  Great product works well.... Product was replaced immediately FREE when the USPS lost it. THAT'S GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE.

	
  It's very inexpensive and well built USB Port C to HDMI cable. I bought to connect my projector hdmi port to my S10 mobile and fits well..Well worth the price...

	
  The product came fully protected and looking exactly like the picture. I use it for connecting my laptop with a monitor, pretty satisfied as it provided fast and undisruptive connection. Fair price for a neat product!

	
  Great price! Very easy to plug in. Looks like Great durable quality. Just make sure you actually have an hdmi cable to connect to it. Instantly recognized by the computer.

	
  I bought a new laptop (LG Gram), and somehow this laptop doesn't accept my USB-B to VGA adapter. I've used that adapter for 2 different laptop before and it worked fine ... Anyway, that led me to buying this USB-C to HDMI adapter to use with an old HP monitor. I've only used this for a day, so not sure how durable it is yet.

	
  This comes in handy when our internet goes out and I can use my phones plus the HDMI adapter to stream on our tv. Simple design but very effective and does not feel cheap.

	
  inexpensive and well built. cable is nicely braided and the ends are solid aluminum with gold tips. well worth the price.

	
  Works great for a cheap way to extend another HDMI monitor.  It seems to be well made, good quality.

	
  Cheapest price for the best value of the product. I now can hook up a small monitor I had laying around to my laptop through the HDMI port to my computer’s USB-C port and have duel screens for my work from home.

	
  This inexpensive connector allow me to stream videos, movies, TV shows, etc. from my Galaxy S10 smart phone to our 52-inch plasma TV. The resolution is superb and there is no delay -- instant large video. Great!

	
  Very nice quality and worked perfect right out of the box. Great product.

	
  Cable was just what I wanted. Connects my monitor with no latency.  Very happy.

	
  This was very easy to set up and works without a problem. SO thankful for this.

	
  This product worked really well with my computer! Great picture quality; however, with my phone, the picture quality was not as well. It is probably not the cord, so that's why I gave it 5 stars. I would recommend buying this to my friends and strangers!

	
  Excellent purchase, no need to buy expensive hook up s

	
  Works great sp far as I had hoped! No problems here!

	
  Very pleased. This was just what I needed in a travel friendly size. Using to I can have an additional monitor.

	
  Excellent product, easy to install, well made and great value for the price.  Will definitely recommend.

	
  Small. Easy to carry. Works perfectly.

	
  Work great and is very good quality

	
  Loved it now i can use my phone or tablet for my tv

	
  Calidad de material excelente, buena resolucion en la imagen,buen precio

	
  Just bought a new monitor and needed a cord for my MacBook to connect to it in order to stream. This converting cord is much cheaper than any apple adapter on the market and it does everything it needs to. Very happy with this purchase. Came within a day and picture quality is more than we could want!

	
  I needed a USB C to HDMI adapter so I could use a second monitor for my work iMac. I did not want to get the apple branded one for 70 dollars, so figured why not try this one out? I am not pushing a high bandwidth signal out, just needed it for chat and calendar. Works greats! No issues what so ever!

	
  Perfect for connecting my Samsung S9 to my TV for DeX Mode (paired with a bluetooth keyboard) and playing Call Of Duty Mobile (paired with a wireless controller).

	
  I was skeptical because the item was only $9.99, and the last time I purchased a USB-C to HDMI cable I paid $29.99 at a local store in July 2019.I'm not skeptical now, and saved $20.00.  Works perfect, and came in two days.  Would recommend to anyone.  I am using on a Lenova Yoga laptop to connect to an external monitor.

	
  Works great! I’ve been using it for a few weeks with no complaints. Also works great with my other ad’ons I have for my laptop.

	
  I just got a new Mac Pro tower and these cables connect my monitors to the Mac and they are very well built and do a great job.

	
  I purchased this to use to connect my Surface Book to a TV. It works great, as with the dock it didn't transmit sound, however this simple cable adapter transmits both the video and audio directly to the TV and allows me to use it as a second monitor or duplicate as well. Great product, and feels very sturdy and well built.

	
  Used with my Thinkpad L580 that has a flaky HDMI port.  This adapter lets me connect to an HDMI tv and get a good clean picture.

	
  This solution will allow you to have an outstanding sharp quality connection to a HDMI Monitor from a MacBook Pro utilizing a USB-C Connection, Trust me you will not be dissapointed.

	
  Used this product right out of the box. Strong connection for my mac. Recognized instantly and we were good to go! Sound crisp and clean. Great purchase, would absolutely buy again.

	
  Purchased for my new Kindle Fire to view downloaded movies on my big screen tv.  Product is  high quality at a great value.

	
  I used this to connect a Chromebook to a TV.  No drivers needed to be installed, the Chromebook started displaying to the TV right away.  I can't comment on how this adapter works with a 4K display, since my TV is 1080p, but the picture quality on my TV is good.  Build quality seems fine as well, and the price represents a great value, compared to other products on the market.

	
  I did a lot of research to find the best USB-C to HDMI connector for connecting my Mackbook with Samsung TV.  I simply connected with HDMI cable to this connector and turned on my Mackbook and TV, it instantly connected.  The quality of pictures are very clear and no delay on streaming from my Mackbook.  I am so glad to purchase this product with a great price.  I highly recommend for people to buy this product!!

	
  Picture quality is clear, it fits well. It comes with a cap to protect the male connector element. I like that it has an aluminum casing - it looks very durable and expensive, despite the reasonable price. The cord is woven which is less-likely to snap when being bent. I have another version at home that's more expensive, but it's not as high-quality as this one. Love it, highly recommend it!

	
  Have used this for a few days now and it works beautifully.  My kid bought a MacBook 2019 for school and did not realize that it had no HDMI output.  After some research online this one seemed right for that purpose and so I chanced on it given the reasonable price and it works perfectly.  He uses it on a 1080p screen and it works.  We also used it on my  old 720p TV to stream videos and it does that well too.  No $K TV in my house, so no idea on that but I bought this knowing a 4K screen is to be bought soon.  Build quality of the adapter is good and the housing are metal.  The USB side also has a dust cover.  My only wished for improvement are: strap to keep the USB cover from being lost, a cover for the HDMI side, and maybe make the cord plastic and not briaded so that it deos not scrape off the dust off my table.  These do not affect the product, but just small things to add to the next model.  I highly recommend the product.

	
  This adapter does exactly what I needed.  With the current quarantine orders, we're spending more time online with friends.  I wanted to hook up my MAC Pro to my Samsung Smart TV.  Plugged it in.  Connected the HDMI cable to my TV, changed the picture source to the new connection and.... a perfect picture, with sound.  No problems!  Had a bit of an issue switching BACK to cable connection but shut down MAC, disconnected cable and NO PROBLEM.  Well worth the money.  I would not hesitate to recommend.

	
  Because of COVID and working at home I needed to connect a secondary monitor to my MacBook Pro. The monitor I have only has a male HDMI output. This connector from Female HDMI to Male USBC worked perfectly. I got it next day and could not be happier to have my computer desk top space doubled!! It's also a braided cord, which in my experience lasts a lot longer than the cords that just have the rubber on them (like the iPhone charger). It's a great product and I'd definitely recommend it.

	
  If you're like me, you're not looking for the cheapest and you're certainly not looking to pay an arm and a leg. You want to land right where quality meets value. I'm using this on adapter on a 2018 MacBook Pro and it is without a doubt a solid product. I'm obsessed with making sure anything I'm doing or watching is in 4k and this does just that. Short and sweet - would buy again.

	
  Worked great, bought it for a camping trip because the camping area didn't have wifi. We watched any streaming app through the phone on the 32in TV in the camper. Great way to add cable TV in a remote area. Only thing is make sure your phone is fully charged it doesn't charge while playing and the screen on your phone plays along with the TV, I luckily have a Samsung note 10 plus with a strong battery life gave about 3~4 hrs watch time picture quality was great if you have a strong cell reception, not to bad on a weaker one, on a weak signal I would download what you want to watch on Wi-Fi. Advice: once you connect put your phone down, it does seem to lose connection moving around and pauses the stream. I do like the fact that you can control the TV volume with your phone.

	
  I've been working from home and needed something to hook up my work surface book 7 to my 1440p ultrawide monitor. I have a dock but it wouldn't fill the screen and only gave me 1080. This solved that problem! Now I'm working with a full screen at its full resolution.

	
  Wow I was in a crunch for time to get my at home computer terminal up and running for work. I needed to get a USB C to HDMI adapter by the next day to have dual screens for my work station. After searching through the available adapters I found this one to look like it would hold up the best and I am not disappointed!The actual weight of the adapter is a nice feel in my hands. It has a solid feel which makes me more comfortable knowing it will last a long time. The adapter worked the first time I hooked it up with no problems. It was plug in and go!I have been using it for a while now and nothing has degraded and adapter connects to my Mac and stays in the port nice and snug. I love that the most knowing I won't accidentally hit the cord and pull it out.Best of all the price is sooooooo worth the quality of this adapter. You will find these in store for 3x this price.Look you get fast delivery, quality part, long lasting, and its sleek in design. Dude it's a win win win win!

	
  With schools being remote, I have ordered this to connect my kid chrome book to monitor. No installation or loading any drivers required. Just plug into USB C to your HDMI connector and it will start projecting on big monitor. Very easy to connect. I recommend this product

	
  This product worked great on my Galaxy Note 10 Plus. Now I can play my mobile games on my huge 65" HDTV at home and also use Xbox streaming! The cable on this adapter is durable and the picture quality is amazing. I love how affordable this adapter is at only $10! If you have device with a USB-C port and if you want to hook up to HDMI, this accessory is a must have.

	
  I purchased this product t go with a projector I also purchased and this worked great with both s8+ and s10+. The color matches perfectly to the phone and it works. I havent tried to a TV yet but I'm sure it will work the same.I would recommend this to anyone that needs to display a device with a c port.

	
  I recently bought a monitor and needed a USB-C to HDMI adapter, and these things price so high at retail stores, literally 40 bucks at best buy for some reason. This adapter is not only at a fair price, but it does the job completely fine. The design is sleek and the packaging came in a very safe manner. The tip of the USB C port was even protected which shows great quality for such a low priced item. I would highly recommend this if you need an adapter.

	
  Worked out of the box. I am using a Dell - Inspiron 17.3" 7000 2-in-1 Touch-Screen Laptop as the USB-C source. Before this, I earlier bought a more expensive USB-C to HDMI adapter and did not work so I returned . So far  this  brand is working perfectly with the connected 32 inch HDMI  display monitor.

	
  I had bought a similar adapter a while back for my work Macbook Pro so I could use my home monitor on work from home days. I lost the adapter on a recent trip overseas and went to buy again, but saw the price had gone up significantly. I found this one in the "What Other People Bought", saw the good reviews and ordered. The adapter arrived in 2 days, well packed and ready to use. Worked with no issue and now I can work from home on a comfortable monitor with an adapter that cost half of what the Basics version had cost. Thanks!

	
  Arrived next day! High quality cable USB C to HDMI adapter. Sturdy build, classy look, nice braided cable and metal connector casings. Plug and play worked great right away when I plugged in my phone (Galaxy S8), and Samsung Dex  launched immediately on my TV. Highly recommend!

	
  Perfect for connecting a 32" screen to my work laptop. I prefer the short cord, as my small desk is cluttered enough, and my screen comes with a rather lengthy HDMI cord in the event that I need to move my laptop.The braided cord of the adaptor is seamless and leads me to believe that it's sturdy. for the price - it's a great deal. I've had no issues with the connection to my screen, which has helped me work during the pandemic. Would highly recommend connecting your laptop to a larger screen for a home office.

	
  This adapter works really well, picture looks good. It was just plug-and-play, as soon as I figured out that my old HDMI cord didn’t work ( laptop just flickered and nothing came up on TV ). Newer HDMI cord worked instantly.  Worked well to stream YouTube from my laptop onto a non-smart TV, but purchased intending to play laptop on a projector .

	
  After comparing adaptors across many vendors, I found this cable to be the best value I could find. I've been using it for a few weeks and I'm happy with it. It works without any issues and it's sleek and nicely designed. The braided cable portion is strong but flexible so gives my some extra ability to shift my laptop around as needed but feels like it'll hold up. Would recommend.

	
  I bought this adapter to use for Samsung Dex with my Note 10 and to use for a HUION KAMVAS Pro and it works great! I've got no glitches or problems. It feels solid and well made. Pretty good for the price, I haven't tested for 4K compatibility but everything else works as advertised.

	
  I got this because I wanted to get a second monitor for my iMac. I wasn't sure if it works, but as soon as I connected this, it works perfectly. I didn't do anything, but changing the displays from mirroring to separate for my usage. Other than that, it's pretty simple. Plug in and connect the hdmi cable to a TV, then there you go!It is also thin, so it does not bother any other cable behind my iMac. Good purchase!

	
  I bought this as an affordable replacement for an adapter I bought from Best Buy (for $50) and I have to say that I am very pleased with both the price and quality. I'm using it with an extended 22" monitor, so I can work with multiple programs on screen at once. There is no loss of quality and the signal connects right away. I'm buying a second one for my brother and would recommend it to anyone looking for a great HDMI adapter. There may be cheaper products out there, but consider that buying the cheapest you can find usually ends in a bad experience. This is right in that spot of not the cheapest, not the most expensive, just right. Anyway, after using the adapter for over a month, I've found no problems. Happy customer here! :)

	
  Now I can stream movies from apps on my cell phone to my large screen TV with excellent resolution and sound quality.  These apps include Apple TV and Disney Plus. All I had to do was plug one end of a standard HDMI cable into the front of my TV and and the other end into my USB C adaptor.  No complaints.  Should have done it a long time ago.

	
  I needed this for my 13" MacBook  Pro, but I also had Apple HDMI DVI adapter.My setup looks like as folow:MacBook USB-C <--> UOEOS USB-C HDMI <--> Apple HDMI DVI Adapter | ASUS DVI portI was a bit worried that combining with another adapter wouldn't work well, but there's no issue.I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of construction too.  All satin metal heads and meshed cable.

	
  Review for "USB C to HDMI Adapter 4K Cable,uoeos USB 3.1 Type-C to HDMI Adapter Compatible with MacBook Pro HDMI to USB C Adapter(Female to Male)" B081P4JPKQ  I purchased this adapter to add a second 4K "monitor" (actually a low-cost 4K 50" TV) to my Intel NUC computer running Windows 10 Pro. The NUC has a USB-C and HDMI port, so an adapter is needed for the second HDMI. The UOEOS adapter was recognized by Windows instantly, and provided an HDMI connection to a second 4K (UHD)  screen with no hassle at all. Not sure how well this would work for gaming, but for normal hi-res graphics, computing, and RDP'ing into a more powerful machine, it's wonderful. At less than ten dollars US, it's also a great value.

	
  USB-C is the future connector for high definition TVs.  HDMI connectors are on life support due to reduced thickness of the new high definition TVs.  The manufacturers will eventually stop utilizing HDMI ports on their TVs.  USB-C cables can handle the band width of HDMI cables but the connectors are significantly smaller.  I have invested in many HDMI cables, and this adapter will let me use them a bit longer.

	
  I had recently bought a monitor for my son, to view his Mac screen on a larger display but was dismayed to find that USB connection wire was not included. To make things difficult, newer Macs have USB-c, so instead of buying two wires, I went for this product. It has HDMI to USB-c connection, which worked very well and solved my problem. My son can watch high-speed and high-resolution videos on the larger screen now. The connector wire is well built and came in a good package envelope, which too I have saved for other wires.

	
  The monitor on my Mac Mini frequently would go blank and then come back on a few seconds later.  I researched it a bit and found that it was a common problem when the monitor was connected directly through an HDMI port. So I purchased this adapter and connected my monitor to a USB-C jack and presto the flicker is gone.

	
  Due to covid-19, needed an option of using a TV with apple macbook laptop using USB-C to HDMI. The video instantly worked, but the sound would not. Tried different hdmi cale and different hdmi ports on tv, nothing. I tested with a dell laptop with hdmi and it instantly worked both video and audio. I found one reviewer mentioned the apple computer may need the MIDI setting configured to correct output device. Will test in the near futre, but believe this should fix my audio issue.

	
  I was able to connect my Samsung Galaxy S8 phone to my Vizio smart tv without any issues. Samsung wanted $40 for the same adapter but I'm glad I took a chance with this brand. I paid 1/3 of the price and so far the mirror screening has worked excellent. Picture quality is great.

	
  This little adapter seems to work perfectly. I bought it to use between my Philips 276E8V and my 2019 16" MacBook Pro. The combination worked perfectly at the full 4K resolution. I'm very happy.

	
  I just received this adaptor and have only used it for a single work day but it does what it's suppose to do. It's made out of a nice, high quality material that doesn't feel cheap. It was in simple package and was easy as plugging it in.My only warning is that the adaptor (specifically, the HDMI end) does get hot after a full workday of use but since it's just sitting on my desk, it doesn't bother me. If you're planning on using this adaptor with your laptop on your lap, you may want to consider something using an adaptor that won't get hot to prevent and discomfort to your legs.

	
  I recently bought my wife a new Mac mini and we needed  to add another monitor to it .  The Mac mini only has one HDMI port, so we added her 27 inc monitor to it.  But we also needed to connect another monitory which also had HDMI port, so I purchased this adapter to add it.  It works like a charm.  No issues so far.

	
  Works exactly as expected!

	
  The HDMI adapter has a very nice quality and it is built very well. It works exactly as it should and I have no issues with it.

	
  Worked as expected and described.  Nice sleek handy design.  I use it to connect a Windows laptop, and a Chromebook to a 2nd monitor and to a large screen TV.  Works great.  Shipping was fast.  The sleeve on the USB end of the adapter has a tendency to slide off...make sure it's pulled in snug away from the connector end and towards the cable to ensure a secure connection to the machine.  A little bit of hot glue or something similar can solve the slippage.

	
  This cable has USB-C on one end and HDMI on the other. With it, I can display a small laptop's screen on a 37" TV, making a very nice desktop display.One end is standard USB-C, and the other is a female HDMI. With it I can use a standard HDMI cable with two male ends  to connect the TV as a display.

	
  I bought this to leave this plugged into my TV so I can connect my new laptop. It is strong, lightweight, and matches my Macbook Pro's color. Can't beat the price. If you're considering buying it, just do it.

	
  Great product. Worked perfectly to connect my Macbook Pro to my Asus Monitor.

	
  I bought this to play Amazon prime shows from my Note 10+ to my TV. Very simple, plug into phone and connect an hdmi cable to tv. Samsung DEX took care of the rest and I was watching movies on big screen in minutes. I was also able to mirror everything else from phone to tv like surfing internet.  High quality and simple.  I would highly recommend. can't beat the price either!

	
  I studied these adapters until I found one that was aluminum, not plastic. I want this to be quality for sure. I decided on this one and I am happy to say this it is perfect. Very sturdy aluminum and braided nylon cord as well. This is a quality product that does exactly what it says. I highly recommend this item if you are looking for a quality adapter for your needs. Perfect for what I needed.

	
  With COVID-19, I've been forced to make some adjustments to teaching. One of those is to teach in an auditorium. My MacBook Pro doesn't have an HDMI port, and Apple TV isn't available in the room. This will help greatly as I balance my in-person class and remote class.

	
  I bought it to connect my 2020 MBP to my TV and it works like a charm. Picture and sound come out perfectly cleanly and there is no lag or audio offsetting that happens. I don't see the need to spend anymore money on a similar product.

	
  The USB C to HDMI (Female port) connector is best product and works as expected.Material of wire and ends are durable, wire is nylon thread knitted so it doesn't get cuts.I use it with my MacBook Pro to connect with HP 24" monitor at home office.It came 2nd day as it was on prime and timely delivery as I needed for my homeoffice.Would recommend this product to anyone who is looking for this product.

	
  So like many of you, our offices were closed during the pandemic and we were teleworking from home. I had a spare flat screen monitor that I wanted to use for my second screen but unfortunately realized my work laptop did not have an HDMI outlet plug. I went and found this USB to HDMI connector plug and so far it works perfectly. I simply connect my HDMI from my second monitor to one end of the outlet, then the other end I connect to my laptop's USB-C slot and it works perfectly. I now have 2 screens to work with, making my remote teleworking life way more efficient.

	
  Perfect for working from home during the pandemic.  Makes work so much easier!  Connected my Chromebook to a TV which is exactly what I needed, since I'm spending so many hours on a laptop.  Description was great so that I was able to pick the correct product easily.

	
  I plugged in my computer to my tv but turns out my tv was not working and not the plug that I bought. So people try plugging into different HDMI's first if the sound doesn't turn on. Overall good product.

	
  I'm not able to test this on 4k, but it outputs 60 hz to an UltraWide 21:9 1080p monitor just fine. Given its low price, it's well worth it in my experience.The chassis is also a metal of some kind (presumably aluminum), or at the very least feels solid and premium like metal. It's also smaller than the other more expensive one I own.

	
  I freaking love this thing! I was finally able to extend my laptop to two additional monitors (1 using the native HDMI and 1 using this). Saved me money and headache. Build and imagine imagine quality is great! This is working great on my new HP Envy x360. Although it wasn't listed in the description it still worked! Highly recommend.

	
  I needed this product to use for a second display on my other monitor at work. It works great and is exactly what I needed. It came in a timely manner and in nice packaging as well. The cord is not too long or too short. Overall, I would definitely recommend this product!

	
  Exactly as pictured and works well. Recommend!

	
  It is working smooth and excellent. You just need to open the package and instert back of your iMac ( I have (2019) Model) and connect another screen. It is so amazing .. Very Happy your product. Thank you..

	
  Does exactly what it's suppose to do. Was looking for this cable in order to have another monitor while working from home and purchased this based on other reviews. No issues whatsoever!

	
  EXCELLENT USB C TO HDMI ADAPTER...NOW I CAN WATCH ANYTHING THAT IS ON MY PHONE WHEN I ATTACH IT TO MY PROJECTOR OR 75" TV MONITOR!

	
  This USB-C to HDMI adapter works as expected right out of the box.  It seems well made and has a flexible braided cable.  It works great connecting my MacBook Pro to my TV with no video or audio issues.

	
  Works exactly as described, would recommend ~!

	
  This product was great, the picture quality was really good and it worked really well. I would definitely buy this product again.

	
  Connections made easily and rapidly!  Excellent quality also.

	
  Very clear picture and seems like a great quality product. Shipping was fast and over a great product.

	
  The item was exactly what I was searching for. The product arrived as scheduled and performed well. Both ends of the wire fit snugly with the corresponding ports/devices. My expectations were definitely met!

	
  came in very quickly and nicely packaged! worked immediately with my mac to my extra monitor i've been waiting to use. Absolutely worth it and would definitely purchase again if i needed too! 10/10

	
  Truly plug & play... work as expected. Thanks.

	
  Wonderful product! Great value for money and does the job. This design of the string instead of block is better so I can fit other device next to it. Video quality is not the best, but still HD. Seems like it will last for a while.

	
  This product is very light, and easy to use. The connector is made by plastic and alumnium, which looks cool and make the product durable. In addition, the wires are well-protected by Nylon fiber cover layer.

	
  Sleek

	
  I popped it into my Surface and was able to use my HDMI cable to enjoy the Mandalorian on the big screen!

	
  I received the USB-C to HDMI converter and I am very happy with the delivery came the very next day. I am very happy with the quality of the product. I am able to project my laptop to my TV no problems. It is worth the money and gets the job done.

	
  Bought for our son-in-law to connect an old screen to his MacBook Air so he could have a second screen now that he works at home. This was exactly what we needed.

	
  Works perfectly (as described) and arrived quickly.  Just what I needed to efficently work at home.

	
  Really good price, the cord is hefty seems to be made really well. Picture Quality is really good. I bought this connector to be able to hook up my newer 2018 MacBook Air with a USB-C port to a projector for work, worked perfectly!

	
  Works great, crazy fast shipping. Have recommend to family and friends

	
  This product did what it stated it would do.  Connected my HDMI monitor to this adapter and plugged it into my UCB C port on laptop.  No issues worked the first time and now I have a bigger monitor to view.

	
  It’s perfect! Connects my Samsung Book S to my Computer Monitor perfectly!!

	
  Works as described, great picture quality, and I’m pumped that I can finally use my chrome book on my nice normal monitor.

	
  Good price with lifetime guarantee.

	
  My 2018 Mac Mini couldn't use my display using HDMI (due to a glitch with Catalina).  Using this adapter to connect via USB-c gave me the screen images as soon as I plugged it in.

	
  It works perfectly. And can be used on both my laptop and iPad Pro. Definitely 5 starts!

	
  Arrived quickly. Seems nicely constructed. Works well connecting smart TV to a MacBook Pro. Sleek design and matches well.

	
  This is the second one of these I have bought.  Both work perfectly and I have had no issues.

	
  This product serves its purpose perfectly. I use it to project my laptop screen onto a TV monitor and I couldn't be happier with the quality. The device is easy to set up and use.

	
  Don’t waste time on researching. Just choose this product and it did really good. Absolutely no complaints for me.

	
  I connected my phone to a 4k tv and we managed to watch a movie from youtube from the phone. It does what it is meant to do and it achieves it nicely.

	
  So happy of the quality! The braided wire withstands any stress I put on it. Will definitely have to buy more of these for my outside projector!

	
  I'm using it because my hdmi port on my laptop is dead. Now I can use my VR headset again! Super happy about the purchase

	
  Package arrived in good condition, and we'll packed. The cable length is perfect for my need and isn't overly long. Works great!

	
  Works great

	
  Amidst the Coronavirus Pandemic, my kids needed monitors for their remote learning. The USB-C to HDMi adaptor worked perfectly and the quick delivery exceeded our expectations. Highly recommend this !!!

	
  This adapter worked just as expected! We needed to order one last minute for an event and were happy to find a reasonably priced adapter on Amazon that would deliver so quickly.

	
  I needed a USB-C to HDMI to connect my laptop to my monitor to work from home and the product arrived one day early.

	
  Amazing adapter super fast and works perfectly with my phone

	
  The product came in on time and has worked as advertised without any issues. I recommend if you are looking for a thunderbolt 3 to HDMI

	
  Showed up right on time, wanted something to cast my phone onto my TV for streaming services, works great and looks amazing.

	
  Exactly as specified and arrived sooner than expected!I need something for my work from home set up and this was perfect!

	
  I use this adapter to connect my mac with the monitor. It works great! Love it !

	
  I purchased this to hook up my cellphone to a projector and it worked perfectly. Good purchase.

	
  This product is awesome, high quality, lightweight, perfect fit, does the job! Highly recommended!

	
  This cord has been a lifesaver.

	
  It has a solid design and works so well that I bought a second one.

	
  Excellent product. It arrived as expected

	
  It worked just perfectly and have an ideal size to keep it with my laptop all the time!

	
  I bought this to use with my Mac. Works very well and connects my laptop to external monitor. It has a nice design and perfect length.

	
  Works great. Exactly what was seeking.

	
  Solid product. Needed it to turn my laptop into a 2 monitor display. Good materials and great picture. Thank you!!

	
  The product works really great. Easy installation. Highly recommended.

	
  Works well, priced well. What more could you want in a hdmi to usb-c converter?

	
  Product is exactly as advertised.

	
  Excellent quality and works great! Affordable and durable. So glad I got this one!

	
  Just plugged it into my pc, plugged the HDMI cable in, and it worked immediately. I haven't had any problems

	
  Provides a straight fprward method for playong sream computer mater through the TV.

	
  Super good quality! recommend it!

	
  I tested this with a MacBook Pro to a TV.  It worked as expected.

	
  I have two of these now, have had them for a few days. It does the job it is supposed to do. Will buy again.

	
  You plug it in, things come on the screen lol. Use it for my note 9 dex setup, works great.

	
  For $10 this really feels like you should be paying 20 or 30, would definitely recommend

	
  Works great to stream Sunday Mass from my Chromebook to our TV for the family!

	
  Great Product. I was able to connect my HDMI to my Mac book that has a USBC port

	
  Quick shipping and good value for the product.  Thank you.

	
  Good product, very compact. It works well and it was delivered super fast

	
  This came super fast and I am very happy with it. Works nicely, good materials

	
  Perfect plug and play USB-C to HDMI Adapter.  I can now use my external HDMI monitor through the USB-C port.

	
  Very good and had amazing no build quality

	
  Works as intended and looks good

	
  I am satisfied with this product. It has a great signal and works like it should. Use it for our Mac Book.

	
  Well made product with good cable length for connecting to remote devices. Very pleased with purchase.

	
  Product was delivered on time and functions properly!

	
  Very nice picture quality and connectivity

	
  Plugged it in, works as expected. Been using for a few weeks and have had no problems.

	
  Works perfectly for me.

	
  Sleek, compact, and works like a charm!

	
  Works perfect cant complain.

	
  Not much to say. Product was delivered quickly. It's affordable and works just great.

	
  Works wonderful! Got here quick and material is not going to be broke! Super great quality!

	
  Works great

	
  Worked as intended just plug it in and your ready to go

	
  great product that works well.

	
  This product is the value of money and connectivity is easy to HDM to USB C.

	
  Great product! Super durable and such a great price.

	
  Simple to use. Better than expected.

	
  I wanted to connect a computer to a projector.It works very well!

	
  product was exactly what I expected and works great!

	
  its work well

	
  Seems durable and picture quality is great!

	
  Fast delivery.  Great product, exactly as described.

	
  Nice pack and fair price. It works well on my mac pro.

	
  Works well

	
  Works well no problems yet

	
  Great quality! Worked perfectly for my Surface Pro!

	
  Works great to connect my MacBook to a second screen.

	
  Product works amazingly, it's exactly what I wanted. Made well, good quality materials and engineering. Cord is braided and strong. Connections are snug, with no loss of connection even while moving it. 10/10, worth the money.

	
  Overall the product feels well made and that it is going to last a long time. I like that the cord is made out of a nylon type material and the hdmi side of the cable is slim and takes up a very small amount of space. This cord is great for traveling and plugs into my computer without a problem. I would highly recommend this product for the build quality and the price range.

	
  Good quality, good price. thanks! AAAA+

	
  This product allowed me to connect 2 monitors to my Samsung Spin 7 tablet. Gold connector are especially a nice touch reducing any signal loss. Great product for the cost.

	
  I always had the plan of adding a monitor to my iMac but was intimidated from my previous days with having a pc and using dual monitors. I just looked at the back of the iMac and noticed it’s type-c and lighting connection and found this adapter had the best overall review and sure enough it was easy. Pretty much a plug and play and it showed no delay on data transfer for the affected screen. Highly recommend and I will honestly look at their other products they have adapters for.

	
  Excellent item. fast delivery, earlier than expected.

	
  I'm impressed by the quality of the cord and the weight to it. It works seamlessly on my Mac right to my monitor. Great product!

	
  My laptop only had the USB connector, at first I saw the fancy name brand ones for $40-$50 however read somewhere that the USB converter would be enough and it is! Works great for 1/4 of the price.

	
  I purchased this adapter to plug my MacBook Pro into an AV system for presentations.  Worked exactly as I hoped.  This cable allowed me to plug in my laptop to present Power points, or even to plug into my TV.  Great value!

	
  Product does exactly what I need it to do. I have a galaxy notebook, which does not have a HDMI port. This adapter with the C type connection is exactly what I needed. Now I can hook up my notebook to my TV.

	
  Item arrived on time. Very sturdy wire for the price I will repurchase if I need another one but I am sure this one will last.

	
  This adapter works great, received today, 22 May 2020. I connected the adapter to my phone, NOTE 10+, then to my TV. It displayed immediately. It took me longer to select the correct input on the TV then to get connected. If this one breaks I will purchase another. Recommend for those wanting to display their phones on to an external display via HDMI.

	
  Just what we needed to hook up the tablet to our projector so we can have outdoor movie night. So now we have drive in atmosphere at home.

	
  It has the best price I could find on amazon. The cable looks high quality and I have had no issue connecting my screen to my laptop. The length of the cable also seems reasonably long enough.

	
  Wow!!!From the mailbox to the smart phone connected to my tv now we watching netflex!! Super easy even a caveman could set it up!!!

	
  I needed this to attach a tv to a Blu-ray.  I didn’t realize that it was a smaller USB than what is on the end of say a phone charger. This a a USB c to HDMI  connector. Just a heads up.

	
  Don’t know why I didn’t buy this sooner! Awesome product. Fast shipping.

	
  I was really impressed by how quickly my order was processed. It arrived this morning and I was already able to hook up the USBC-HDMI adapter to my Mac Book Pro to connect it to my projector so that I could watch movies with my family during the quarantine. Being one of the most affordable dongles offered on Amazon, I was impressed by the quality and care that went into this product. Highly recommended for those on a budget looking for quality dongle for their laptops, tablets, etc. Thanks so much!

	
  it is a well built and sturdy adapter. I have been using it for a couple of weeks now and it has worked perfectly allowing me to connect my laptop to my tv or external monitor for work.

	
  I needed a second hdmi connection out of my HP laptop. Plugged it in and my laptop recognized the second monitor immediately. Worked flawlessly.

	
  We're using this to connect a top-down document camera to our laptop so my wife can teach remotely. Works great, good value!

	
  Works as described. I travel a lot and this works great with my Surface Pro 7 to mirror or use a tv as an additional monitor.  In full disclosure, I was offered a gift to provide a fair review. This review is fair and honest. I definitely recommend this product.

	
  This adapter worked perfectly for adding another monitor for the office setup.  I will recommend to friends, family, and colleagues and will likely buy additional adapters for my employees.

	
  I’m using this adapter to connect a large screen tv USB-A to a MacBook Pro USB-CI’m teaching drum lessons by Zoom video call from the MacBook, and using a 43” tv as a second display.Great little adapter!

	
  High quality product!  Just plug and play. Hooked it up and it worked instantly.

	
  this type C to HDMI will need a power supply to work for my A20 phone. but i do have a laptop with a type C and an HDMI port so it works GREAT. its new technology but ill eventually get a newer phone. its a very good adapter to have around. It took 2 days to recieve and arrived in perfect condition. i gave 5 stars. ty

	
  I live stream  6+ hours per week, and wanted to use two screens side by side, one for comments from viewers, and one as a monitor in the broadcasting software. Since the first screen is my computer, I needed this converter to attach the two screens.I received it, took it out of the package, plugged it right in, and it's worked like a charm.Seems like a good quality make, especially for the price, and so far, so great!

	
  Used to connect my Samsung Note 8 to my TV by HDMI connection....Great price for this product, well packaged and very fast delivery!

	
  My laptop has one HMDI port, so I was looking at fancy hdmi splitters to support 2 additional screens for my laptop.  Since my laptop is fairly new I looked up the specs and found I had a usb-c port.  This fits the bill perfectly for getting my 2nd screen up - plug it in & you're set.  Thanks for helping me get better setup for work during the pandemic.

	
  Needed a USB  C to HDMI short connector and this fit the bill. Shipped quickly and securely and worked right out of the package.

	
  this is a well build product thats made with good materials that feel sturdy and will last. Gets the job done to transfer phone or laptop screen to the TV.

	
  Great piece of equipment for computers like the lenovo yoga due to their lack of an hdmi port. Amazing quality to my tv tight fit in the usb c port, looks clean. You wont regret getting this

	
  The connectors work great - fit into each port. The picture & audio are transmitted perfectly. It's small & easy to tote around with my laptop.

	
  I wanted an HDMI to type c adapter for my Samsung Note 10+. I really like the way it’s designed. Works great connecting my note 10+ to tv. Would highly recommend this cable.

	
  Worked perfectly, just plug it in and poof, the monitor woke up and works flawlessly!  Very nice adaptor, simple to use, great quality...what's not to love!

	
  I needed this adaptor to connect a second monitor to my laptop and this fit the bill. Not expensive and works well, cannot complain.

	
  Love this cable. It is perfect for travel and even for use at home. It is compact so fits in your bag easily. I tested with my Samsung tablet and worked flawlessly with Samsung dex mode on.

	
  After researching different available options on Amazon, this option had the best price coupled with reviews.  I had never heard of this  brand before, but I am very satisfied with the purchase.  The Adapter works perfectly and connection to the HDMI cable and monitor was very snug - not too tight or loose.  The adapter looks sleek and feels solidly constructed.

	
  I love the material and the quality of this product, it came on time as well

	
  This adapter worked perfectly for allowing me to connect my Samsung Tablet S5e to my TV and show movies on the TV.

	
  This is a handy little converter that does just what it is supposed to do, and does it well! Non-cumbersome. Great price, fast shipping.

	
  I needed something to connect my new MacBook to an old projector for backyard movies. This worked great. I had the movie up on the screen in no time.

	
  One of the most affordable adapters I could find and perfect value for money

	
  Exactly what you'd expect, reliable, affordable.Would buy again tho it wouldn't be necessary

	
  A very useful cable for my S10+. No overheating (which is a common side effect of using similar products). Incredibly durable and couldn't be happier with the display and audio quality.

	
  I purchased this adapter for my lenovo thinkpad t480. I use it for my 2nd external monitor and it works great. No flickering, no poor resolution.  Just perfect resolution for my extended display. I also love it's small size and sleek look. I would definitely purchase again.

	
  Exactly what I needed.

	
  Came on time. Works perfectly. No set up. Plug and play. Seems to be high quality.

	
  Great product for the price. Sturdy, quick delivery, and works perfectly as intended. 5/5

	
  I like how easy it was to connect, and now I have solved my problem!

	
  This works great! Glad I bought one. The quality of picture is outstanding!

	
  Exactly what I needed and I got it in less than 24 hours! Will be buying again...thanks SO much!

	
  This is exactly what I wanted and for a good price! Works with chromebook.

	
  I got this product to hook up all of my Samsung devices to my tv and projector. Works very well.

	
  Works perfectly on more recent laptops (Dell 13 xps).  Strongly recommend.

	
  Standard cable that does it's job well. Looks good too.

	
  It was what I expected and it works great! It has a quality cord to attach the HDMI and to the computer.

	
  Works perfectly with my MacBook Pro 2016. It's well priced and gets the job done.

	
  Great product at a great price

	
  This Adapter works well. I used it to connect a second monitor as I don't have multiple HDMI ports on my laptop. Using this cable for a week now and so far its working well.

	
  exactly as described

	
  HMDI cord works very well, and is durable. Great price as well, highly recommend!

	
  I got this because I needed it for an external display on my mac. The cables are sturdy and works well. Very happy with this purchase

	
  Actually works really well. I bought one because I needed to be able to do another output for my Mac

	
  Works great and at a great price!

	
  Good product, worth the money.

	
  Works like a charm. Great little cord in my inventory! Happy with this item :)

	
  Sleek and lightweight but feels solid. Worked perfectly to use a usb-c Port from a laptop for an external monitor.

	
  This product works!

	
  This adapter works great.  Amazing price, after seeing this at Best Buy for triple the money. Also fast shipping always a plus.

	
  Works great. Haven't had any problems since I bought the adapter.

	
  First of all, it works like a charm, connection is great. Secondly, the material is very sturdy,  I wouldn't be surprised that it won't break under weight.

	
  This was well built and it works great.

	
  This was perfect! works great! I got it so I could do virtual Martial arts class and I could see the instructor's since everything shut down do to COVID-19

	
  I love it. Plays videos from my samsung galaxy 8 notebook with ease and volume works too. Quality of cord is great and it is not super expensive.

	
  This adapter is exactly what I needed to show great quality video from my tablet to my 40 inch LCD HDTV. I'm going to order a couple more to give as gifts!

	
  Cable is perfect works for my Mac Pro. Picture on share screen is high resolution.Connect perfectly with hdmi cable.Strongly recommend. Didn’t find one small issue.

	
  Very good design, looks like a very good quality in the meantime no problems with this productworks perfectly in 4k.

	
  Super sleek looking and easy to use. Love the light weight and durability! A true A++.

	
  This adapter has great build quality and works perfect!

	
  Very fast connection to monitor screen from my laptop. Easy to use and the cord is made to be very flexible and materials are high quality!!Most importantly, very good price for the such high quality and efficiency. The design is also very elegant!

	
  Item came quickly and works exactly as described. Using it with my macbook pro with no issues. Great product

	
  This product performs as advertised. It is very durable and priced right.

	
  This was exactly what I needed. As a software developer having to switch between tablets and laptops frequently, these make it much easier to allow that switch.Good material, appears to be a strong build, and seem to hold together better than the connector's that Apple sells.

	
  This is a really good product, easy to use, just plug it and start using.I have order to use together with another monitor, and it was easy to setup two monitors, one on HDMI and this one on USB-C adapter.It has good appearance, and quality. Totally recommend it.

	
  Adapter works as described.  Price was lower than similar items on Amazon. Delivered in a timely fashion.

	
  This product works great! I use it to hook up my laptop up to a larger monitor, and even to my tv!

	
  It worked perfectly and as we expected. We had two different brand adapters and they didn't work but this one is great!

	
  I am very happy with this product. The item works, is of good quality, good price, and arrived quickly. I have a HP Spectre laptop and it helped me to project from my laptop onto a monitor with this adapter and an HDMI.

	
  Quality is top-notch for the price. From the packaging to the braided cable, I was pleasantly surprised with what I ordered. As for functionality, the cable works as advertised, and took care of what I needed it for. Would highly recommend to anyone looking for an adapter!

	
  Very pleased.

	
  This was just what I needed to connect my iMac to my 4K TV without losing any picture quality.  Very happy with this.

	
  I just got a new Mac book pro and needed an adaptor for HDMI. This works perfectly and arrived quickly. Great price.

	
  Good quality. Does the job.

	
  Nice video dongle. Works well and has held up.

	
  This is easy to use and works great with my devices.

	
  This cable worked right away and the is built very sturdy! The price and delivery was spectacular and I would buy again! Well worth the money.

	
  Works as advertised and doesn't seem flimsy like a lot of other adopters I've used.

	
  Fast delivery! This cable works great with my LG V35.

	
  This was for our laptop, works well, arrived in perfect shape the next day. Can't ask for more than that!

	
  Cheapest one on the market! Was a little worried but thought I’d try it out. For a note with it saying it has a life time warranty which makes me feel more confident about my purchase and the price literally couldn’t be better. Wasn’t about to pay Apple $70 for that. I didn’t even wanna pay $30-40. $10 was great!

	
  Doesnt work on Samsung a50 a51 a70 or a71 but nice high quality product, phones just dont support mhl but nothing wrong with adapter

	
  Super slim design! Feels like great quality.

	
  This adaptor works really well. It's a nice sleek design and really easy to use. Works with netflix.

	
  I bought this product and i was able to connect my PC with my smart TV. Pretty convenient and friendly user. Great quality product

	
  so far so good. works better than the prior one we had. other one kept disconnecting when bumped, but this one is good to go and cheaper than the first.

	
  I use this to view my Android phone screen on either a monitor or the big screen TV. Works great

	
  Ordered to connect my laptop to my tv. Adapter looks nice and the A/V looks and sounds good.  Wish I'd gotten this sooner!

	
  Love that I can hook my phone to my tv and use my phone data to stream movies, bad part is that it doesn't charge your device while being used

	
  Got a GAMING PC from Ironside.  With this device I was able to hook up a FORTH MONITOR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

	
  Works perfectly with and NVIDIA 2080TI video card USB-C port to drive HDMI audio & video.

	
  Was able to connect Dell Chromebook to a screen monitor for my daughter's Cyber Academy learning.  Game changer for her!

	
  Needed a way to connect my Chromebook to my TV but Chromebook only has usb-c ports for video out. Found this item, and ordered it. Plugged into Chromebook and hdmi cable and worked like a charm right off the bat. No issues, easy breezy. Recommend for anyone that needs hdmi connection for a usb-c device.

	
  Bout this bc I own a computer that only has a usb-c port and headphone jack but I wanted to have a two screen set up with my computer. It worked amazingly right out of the box and I was able to connect the hdmi cord from my tv to the adapter and to my computer. The adapter isn't super long or clunky and I like the braided rope aspect of the adapter.

	
  I love this product. I use it to connect my NSwitch and GalaxyS10 to a portable montinor and picture is clear. I highly recommend this adapter.

	
  This product functions as advertised and made a thunderbolt connection with my external monitor in less than a second. The product is very durable and scratch resistent. The printed font is a little cheap looking, but as a student on a budget this really isn't an issue for me. Overall, would highly reccomend because this is selling what is advertised... I wouldn't have expected anything beyond that.

	
  This is awesome  an well made  its just plugs in an ready  to go its so easy  my 6 year old can use it

	
  UOEOS USB 3.1 Type-C to HDMI Adapter worked seamlessly with my new HP ENVY laptop.My  new laptop didn't came with a standard HDMI port and I wanted to stream my laptop video to my TV.This UOEOS USB 3.1  HDMI Adapter solved the problem by seamlessly connecting with standard HDMI cable.Picture and sound quality remained distortion free.I would buy it again and highly recommend.

	
  Works exactly as advertised. No complaints.

	
  This product does exactly what it says it does. I used this to project my 2nd extension monitor on my Macbook Pro, and the quality is great so far. Awesome build quality, and the most affordable I found amongst it's competitors. Highly recommend!

	
  I got it next day. Very fast delivery. I used it to connect my Samsung Galaxy S8 plus to my Visio tv and it works perfect. Both Picture and Sound quality are quite good. I use the wireless charger to charge my phone while I'm watching movies from my phone on my 50 in Tv. I love it.❤

	
  Perfect connector. The quality of the material feels good, and the image quality is great. Totally recommend it!

	
  Great for running dual monitors with my laptop that doesn’t have an hdmi input.

	
  This product is just what I was looking for. The cord is fairly thick and strong as well, so I don’t have to worry about it breaking during travel

	
  Exactly what I needed. High quality for the price. Actually ended up purchasing 2.

	
  Good product, high quality and valuable price. Fast shipping.  So far so good and its much cheaper than other stores.

	
  Use it on my note and projector. It works flawlessly. No complaints. Plus it arrived faster than I expected. Will use it to connect my phone to the TV and projector for the kids. Especially I. This time of quarantine.

	
  Needed a cable to connect my phone to a projector-this works great! Study, quality product

	
  I am very happy with this purchase. It connected seamlessly to my device and allows me to use multiple screens at work. I have had more expensive cables in the past (including Apple) that do the exact same thing. No reason to pay more. Good price. Good quality. Can't complain.

	
  Perfect:  Just like it should be done.  Plugged in the unit to my TV and phone and I now have my phone displayed on the TV.  AAAA+++.  Sweet and simple

	
  I have tried so many of these adapters. I bought a projector and could not use it without an adapter. I was finally going to cave in and buy the $60 apple one but I figured I would try this one. It works perfectly with a MacBook Pro.

	
  Very easy to connect my iPad to the screen. The output is stable and clear. It won’t make my iPad getting too hot. The quality looks good. Hope I can use it for a longer time than my previous one from other brand.

	
  This works like it is intended to for a great price. I use it to connect my laptop to my extra screen via an hdmi cord. I dont notice any loss of quality with the connection.

	
  Item was exactly as expected and based on my research it's a great value for the price. Seller provided excellent service, efficient communication. The cable was well packaged and delivered with care. Five stars.

	
  is easy to use. i just connect it to my laptop and mirror it to my TV. I had bought something similar and paid $45.00 and i was struggling to use it so i returned it. My dad told me to check on amazon and found it for under $15 so much cheaper and very easy to use. I like it.

	
  Product works great with my Mac Book Pro, it connects fast and is built very well.  It's a great price vs the competition, I highly recommend this product.

	
  Product was amazing worked great and can finally play all my  phone games on the big screen

	
  I’ve been using this adapter for a couple of weeks now and have had no issue with it. I like that the cable is wrapped to make it sturdier. I’ve had no problems with picture quality.

	
  I ordered it on Friday night and it was delivered on Sunday! Much faster than I expected, it also has good quality. I highly recommend it.

	
  Great product and fast delivery. This is what I needed for my chromebook and works great

	
  I wanted to have HDMI output for my Asus Chromebook and this does the job. Delivery was prompt and I'm a happy camper

	
  I needed a reliable cord for HDMI connection, and this is perfect. Others in the past fall out of the port on my computer, but this one is perfect and transmit the signal flawlessly.

	
  Amazing picture quality, great material (it’s going to last) and amazing service! Won’t go wrong buying this.

	
  So far so good ...feel really durable nice looking exterior just for it in.. so cant say alot but have tried it already and works just like it says it would overall satisfied...

	
  Works great. I use mine to connect to a projector. The quality of the rope cord is perfect

	
  I used my adapter for watching the stages of the cross on my tv with my iPad, since I can’t go to church. It’s probably not the quality of a 50 dollar one but it’s great for me. I recommend this for most people.

	
  Good quality product in this price range. Easy to connect and good graphics. Overall value for money and on time delievery.

	
  works as expected. Quality is nice, it is aluminum and the cable is braided. Works great

	
  Ordered this adapter and is was exactly what I needed. Great quality, fast delivery, and worked flawlessly right out of the box! THANKS!!

	
  Worked as stated. Plugged in my note 10+ selected mirror screen and boom we got action!

	
  Ordered this to connect my laptop to a monitor and it worked seamlessly! Definitely recommend!

	
  This is a great product. The cable is durable and flexible and the connection works great! Great picture. I would recommend to anyone.

	
  Brand new Lenovo C740 laptop to (older) Acer H243H. No issues seen.

	
  The adapter appears to be well made and works as advertised.

	
  Very fast shipping!  Everything is exactly as indicated in the description.  cable quality is excellent.  I recommend it.

	
  I bought this product to connect my computer to a monitor. It worked beautifully. Fully responsive.

	
  Its not too often that i am really Wowed by technology anymore but this adapter is impressive cause i dont see a bit a lag or image degrating at all

	
  The cable is exactly what i needed to connect my phone to a projector. The adapter is a snug fit on both ends and is made well.

	
  Love it.

	
  Love how I can project my computer screen on my 124" protector. Who knows, I can make it bigger if I find a bigger wall.

	
  Exactly what I needed! Hooking up my Samsung S10 to the big screen :)

	
  Small, lightweight, easy to carry, and most importantly it is reliable.

	
  Works as intended, plus a great build quality.

	
  Received this quickly and efficiently.  It does its job and its design is very sleek and modern.

	
  Made strong, picture quality better than expected. It is exactly what I needed for my projector.

	
  It works really good an it has great picture quality

	
  Works as advertised. No issues with the cable.

	
  So happy with this product! Works beautifully! So easy to use.

	
  Small and sturdy. Amazing product. Easy to use

	
  Cable was high quality at great cost. Used cable on my gopro.

	
  This adapter works pretty well. It helps me watch Netflix on my TV without needing any wifi!

	
  Just plug and go. Better than AirPlay on my WiFi.

	
  I use it for connecting the proyector in my office and it works perfectly!

	
  Great item.  Easy to use and worked exactly like advertised.

	
  Sturdy

	
  Works great with my 2019 MacBook Air! Exactly what I needed.

	
  Works great with chrome book for my wife who is a teacher.

	
  Very easy and sleek and is very low profile and works great!

	
  Great product. Work right out of the box. No issue at all.

	
  Seems like a good product, nice packaging too.

	
  Works great! Not very long but that works perfectly for me

	
  Good price, shipping fast. Solve my problem! Recommend it.

	
  It works great!

	
  Awesome product

	
  This was exactly what I was looking for and it's so helpful! Love it!

	
  Nice quality - well made and well packaged.

	
  Everything I needed! Works well with Samsung Galaxy S10.

	
  Fácil de usar!

	
  Would definitely recommend this adapter. It's solid!

	
  great product.

	
  Just take it out the box and plug it in no set up necessary. Easy to use and has great quality.

	
  I like it but i had a hard time to get it to work with my lg phone

	
  Great product

	
  Great price! Needed it to connect my computer to the TV to mirror the screen. Does the job well. Great price!

	
  easy to use

	
  Great product

	
  Works well.

	
  Just the part I needed works great fast shipping thank you so much I  would buy from you again.

	
  Great quality! Exactly what I needed I keep it plugged into my tv

	
  Works great!

	
  Sleek and easy to take around because of size. Make sure you are purchasing for USB-C and not USB with this product.

	
  Good quality, fits well, and good price. What else can you ask for?

	
  Streaming from my phone to the TVAwesome

	
  Satisfied

	
  Arrivied quick and was just as pictured.. I had no issues connecting my HDMI cable from my mac to tv.

	
  This product had a great price for a quality product!!I would recommend to anyone!

	
  Works great!  Exactly what I needed!

	
  10+

	
  Since the first one was great I bought another one. This one was used for my capture card so that I can start my YouTube channel. It work just as great as the first one Still highly recommended.

	
  Instantly hooked up to my Galaxy S10 and worked great with HDMI to my TV.

	
  Came next day after order. Longer cord than I expected. Great material. Great picture quality.

	
  Quick shipping and cord works great for my 4K tv!

	
  This came in the mail extremely fast. design looks nice and sleek. no latency or connection issues. would recommend this product.

	
  The product arrived great packaging and looks very nice. I feel like this cable will last a long time. Works great!

	
  Sleek product that worked excellent at connecting my laptop to a large monitor. No complaints.

	
  I use this adapter for my new computer! It worked awesome! 👍🏼

	
  This is a very useful adapter. It is one of the best prices and is very sleek.

	
  It’s really useful when you have an old apple model trying to connect to the new model

	
  Nice product. Arrived early

	
  delivered quickly, works well, looks good, blends right in with the other cables

	
  Just what I needed for my small apartment! I don't have to turn on my laptop to watch some tv anymore!

	
  Works as said. It is a compact type c to hdmi which gets the work done. Definitely recommend it.

	
  Cable works well with MacBook Pro to TV

	
  Im very happy with this product. I plugged it right into my computer to the TV and it worked instantly. Very simple to use. Make sure you go to your Audio MIDI Setup and click on DisplayPort and in those settings, click "Use This Device For Sound Output" and you'll get all the sound on the TV. Works great!

	
  I purchased this adapter for an external monitor and it is exactly what I needed.  It is sturdy enough for day to day use and also small enough that it does not get in the way.

	
  This was a great value for the money and I would buy it again. It didn't over heat or warm quickly.

	
  This is just as described. It works great connecting my Mac air to my TV with clear graphics.

	
  Well packed, shipped on time, has plastic guard foer usbc connector and works perfectly. Thick cable and perfect cable length.

	
  I plugged it into my Gopro Hero 7 and the hdmi straight into the adapter and it worked great! Now i can play videos straight to my TV!

	
  Bought this cable for my son who has a newer Macbook Pro with only USB C ports. Cable worked perfectly with our HDMI monitor with no issues. Solid purchase.

	
  Good product very good quality an small size. It gets the job done. Easy to connect my new laptop to the monitor.

	
  Item was as described, and arrived very quickly.  Fair price point and quality product! :-)

	
  I just wanted something cheap to figure out how I was going to do something, but was plsantly surprised at how good of quality it was. 5 stars.

	
  excellent product with durable build. i use it to mirror my macbook to my monitor and it does its job at a low cost, absolutely no complaints

	
  Works perfectly for newer model macs. Just what I needed.

	
  I really liked the build of the dongle, from its metal build. I was looking for a cheap one in-store, but they were expensive, so I bought one on Amazon, and this fit the bill for the build quality and reliability.  I like the color but I wished it matched the Macbook Pro color exactly. Does the job perfectly and works on the MacBook Pro. Great for the price!

	
  Overall build quality was higher than I expected given the price and the competition. Cable looks strong as well as the connectors on both sides.Given that it's a digital connection, either works or it doesn't. And so far picture (running it from my computer to a second monitor) is flawless.

	
  Exactly as described. Durable, very compact, nice looking. Tried it out with MacBook Pro and MacBook air with 4k screen. No issues. Love it, great product.

	
  Love the fact that it’s a fabric cable and still super strong and solid feeling. Hoping it last as long as it looks!

	
  I bought this for a WIndows laptop to support dual extended display and this works as expected. I could extend, mirror, switch, and do everything else.

	
  If you’re looking to hook up a second monitor to your Macbook or something similar, this is perfect. Does exactly what other cords or peripherals do, for half the price. Great quality!

	
  Reached on time. I haven’t checked the product but I am sure it’s should be fine product

	
  This is brilliant! We don't have wifi at home so use this USB-C to HDMI adaptor with our Samsung Note 10 phones to stream Netflix, Prime, Britbox, etc. The picture is so clear that we comment on it nearly every time. We've been using it for over 2 months and couldn't be without it now.

	
  This was exactly what I ordered.  Nothing hidden.  This is for a short connection to HDMI.  Useable and efficient

	
  I was tired of bringing my dongle back and forth from work in order to stream things from my Mac laptop. This is perfect. It's small, easy to port, works great with a great picture. Fits the bill!

	
  Many people bought this to use as a mirror extention of their laptop monitor. I took a chance and use it on my graphic card USB-C to add another monitor and it works great

	
  I have been waiting on this to arrive for what seems like forever, but that's just because I was excited! I have been wanting to be able to mirror my laptop screen to my TV for a while, and now I finally can. This product is not cheaply made whatsoever and it does exactly what it is intended to do!

	
  Product came earlier than anticipated, and is great quality. Just what I needed to connect my laptop to the tv for my son to watch movies.

	
  I like the product because it is so easy and right away to install and enjoy it from the pc to monitor screen view. Thanks

	
  Very happy with this convenient adapter.  I use it to connect my Android phone’s usb-c port to a hdmi cable so that I may view my phone screen on my television.  Convenient to use when Idont want to fuss with sending signal wirelessly.

	
  Exactly what you need for modern computers to connect to the older USB devices. I purchased several of these for my MacBook Pro with TB3 ports (no USB). These fit nicely in my computer bag for when I travel or need to connect a USB printer to my computer while at a friends house. Work great, well made, and flexible. A must have!

	
  Simple device, works exactly as o want it.  Video quality is perfect, the adapter is flexible to help fit anywhere.  Perfect experience.

	
  Worth. Fast delivery. Good value

	
  It worked well!

	
  Connected Chromebook to the big screen in seconds!  Amazing picture quality on the 4K TV!

	
  Durable, easy to use, reliable, works as expected and does not heat up!!

	
  This product allowed me to hook up my phone to my projector. The kids were excited to know they can watch movies from anywhere. Also, my husband is impressed. Winning!!Thank You!!!

	
  I used this for maybe 4 hours and then my Macbook Pro 2019 said it would no longer uport it. iI want my money back . will be returning it.

	
  This is a very good product. The same material is of very good quality. It is both flexible and durable. It's very comfortable, so I don't have to worry about it popping out when I use it. Overall, it is definitely a great product.

	
  it's a really stable USBC to HDMI adaptor. Satisfy with it until now.

	
  I use it to connect a second external monitor to my laptop. It worked very well. The quality of the connector is good. Delivery was fast.

	
  Super awesome product I use it for a projector and it's really added a lot to movie nights. Well built and we'll packaged all around exceeded my expectations.

	
  Shipping was very fast. Worked out of the box, and feels very sturdy.

	
  I went to target for HDMI-USB C converters originally and could not find one for less than $30. I'm so glad I found this one becuase it works great and is affordable!

	
  Works well with my alienware and samsung tv. Can`t be the price either

	
  Works as described. Solid little adapter.

	
  Worked fantastically with my brand new iPad Pro

	
  This adapter is perfect for my setup! It has the matching space grey color to go with my MacBook Pro. And it's very low-key and gives my setup a much cleaner look compared to what I had before. Definitely recommend!

	
  Great product

	
  Used it to connect my MacBook Pro to TV. Picture and sound quality are both great.

	
  I’m definitely happy I bought this. Disappointed that Apple doesn’t have HDMI anymore but this product saved me. I also like that the body of the wire is not rubber.

	
  It was easy to connect just took out of package connect to my phone and connect the H DMI cable to and plugged it in and connected it to my mother and it worked beautiful

	
  great item would buy again!

	
  Really good product for usb-c hdmi cord and good price

	
  Received this wire to connect my Macbook Pro to my ThinkVision monitor, and it was simple and easy. Wire came packed well, and would highly recommend.

	
  Perfect for connecting Samsung phone to Pico projector!!

	
  Good price, just as described!

	
  Great product.

	
  Works great! Used with a projector to connect my Samsung.

	
  Easy to use.

	
  Exactly what I needed to use for a mini projector and LG thin Q phone.

	
  Easy to use and best price for money. Cheapest HDMI to USB c connector in Staples was for $34

	
  Works great!

	
  I really liked the quality of it when I connected my phone to it to view pictures

	
  I'm so happy I bought this! Great way to share pics/videos with everyone. I'm excited to use it in the ice house when I'm out fishing!

	
  Really good and durable.

	
  Perfect size adaptor that works well with my monitor.

	
  These cords are amazing!

	
  Good quality, works excellent on Samsung Galaxy S10+.

	
  Works great on S10+ and Dex

	
  Excelente calidad!!!

	
  It worked amazing!

	
  Reached within 2 days, Worked like a charm, No issues. Product quality and appearance is good. Overall length is approx. 8.5 inches.

	
  Easy to use and fast shipping. Worked well with connecting phone to TV!

	
  Good quality product.  No issues.  Would recommend.

	
  This product works great and is great deal for your money. Totally worth it.

	
  Durable material, works perfectly!

	
  Works like a charm. Provides good quality on my 1080p monitors. Great value for the money.

	
  Excellent Product

	
  Using it as an adapter from HDMI going into KVM, and then into 2020 16inch macbook pro. Cable works exactly as advertised. No issues with video.

	
  I have a bigger adapter but for traveling and hooking my iPad Pro the tv this is much better to take.  I show a lot of videos and this works great! So happy with my purchase

	
  This device works great and arrived quickly.  Great value.

	
  It's great it says what it's supposed to and very helpful.

	
  Great price for this item. The packaging and the product itself is so sleek and nice. Very easy to hook up with no problems. Happy with the purchase so far.

	
  Good quality

	
  Great product and Exactly as described

	
  Cheap and most of all good quality.

	
  Right now I am working from home so I needed this item to display my computer screen to my tv screen, I just received it today and I love how sturdy it is.

	
  This is excellent product and meets my expectations. It work very well when I want to project anything from my laptop to big projector screen. Good value for money.

	
  Great product! It fits tight with the screen and my laptop so that if I move my laptop a bit it doesn’t come off. The wire is sturdy. Highly recommend it.

	
  Great product! Works as expected. No complaints at all. Definitely recommended for the price.

	
  I really like this usb and would really recommend it. It works very well and I really like how I am able to plug it into my computer. It is also a great price.

	
  Product looks exactly as depicted in the image. The quality looks and feels great and it does everything that the description claims. Speed is fast and connection is very stable.

	
  It satisfied my needs and I love it! I bought another cord before this and it didn't work but this one is great. I will purchase from them in the future.

	
  Great product, works as intended and allows you to also use the other port that is next to the USB. A very good product will be buying another one!!

	
  Awesome product that did exactly what I needed. Thank you!

	
  Connected galaxy s10 right to monitor no drivers or setup needed.Awesome product at great price.👍🏽

	
  The build quality on the adapter is great! The picture quality is really good. Overall, great bang for your buck! Highly recommended.

	
  Amazing product!! Worked perfectly fine for connecting my computer to the tv!! Will buy again. THANK U FOR GREAT SERVICE!! Fast shipping as well!!

	
  I bought this because I lost my apple adaptor and the apple one is too expensive. Honestly I didn't expect much at all but I have to say this is better than the apple adaptor.

	
  Picture quality is phenomenal.  The piece itself is small and convenient.  Set up was 1-2-3.

	
  Works great! Lifesaver for connecting my Chromebook to my tv screen so I can work at home!

	
  This was perfect for me to use with my Galaxy S9+ to my mini projector that has an HDMI port. Shipping was very fast!

	
  Awesome adapter

	
  Exactly what was desired. Works great right out of the package, seems to be well constructed and provides a sturdy connection on both ends. Very pleased with the quality for the price.

	
  worked perfectly to connect acer chrombook spin 11 to samsung tv.it is short, so makes sure you have a longer hdmi cable to connect to for use.

	
  The product was very well constructed and works just as described. The material is very sturdy and the design ensures that the cable will not break or fray anytime soon.

	
  Very sturdy product

	
  Awesome product. It connected my Mini MAC to the monitor and worked instantly,. Totally awesome product

	
  Exactly what I needed, adapter that came quickly and didn’t cost a fortune. Works and looks great.

	
  This is a decent USB C to HDMI cable. I use to connect my 2017 Macbook Pro to a Philips monitor and it works great.

	
  This adapter works fantastic and is exactly what I was looking for! I 100% recommend this product!

	
  So I’m very happy with the product. It works well with my MacBook Pro 2019. Like others said, it’s very easy to carry around and doesn’t take much space in your bag! Also fair price!

	
  Just what I needed, it worked right away without issues.

	
  Works at described

	
  The quality of the item is super. Easy to use. I can connect now easily to tv through this cable.

	
  Awesome value for money

	
  Great look and portable to carry with my laptop.very convenient to stream on another screen

	
  Quick shippingGood product

	
  Product works great with my MacBook Pro. Great quality for the price, would recommend to anyone.

	
  Nice, compact, not too expensive

	
  Affordable and essential during covid-19.

	
  Cheap, compact, and work great.

	
  Works very well with my projector cell phone set up...

	
  Easy to use. Fantastic product.

	
  Connectors fit perfectly into devices ports. Cable is durable but still flexible.

	
  Item works great!

	
  Very good product

	
  performs exactly how I wanted.

	
  Fair price with great quality

	
  works great!!!

	
  Got my merch fairly quickly

	
  Been looking for an hmdi adapter so I can watch films on larger sized screens and this one works perfectly.

	
  Used this with my Samsung Galaxy s8 plus to hook up to the TV to watch movies and it worked great! A+ 👍🏻

	
  Got this for my home office set up, it’s perfect. Great quality, excellent price, highly recommended!

	
  Exactly what I needed. Didn't have to go store to store and try explaining what I needed.

	
  Great compacted size. picture quality is fantasicUsing a LG V40

	
  Worked perfectly and got here fast

	
  This product works perfectly on my macbook pro.

	
  This adaptor is plug and play, no hassles and easy to use. used this on a pc easy on both and it does.

	
  Fast service. Works like a charm.

	
  Works as expected, good quality fast shipping.

	
  to stream from my laptop to my tv

	
  This cable was perfect for converting my hdmi connection to a usb C on my work from home monitor. It was very easy to setup and the cable did not have any physical issues. Would buy again from this company 10/10

	
  I have been using this to connect my work laptop (Macbook Pro) to an additional monitor I have at home. It works great and feels durable and light. The cable is also flexible so that it can work for your setup.

	
  A really well-made product. It has a really strong cable with a supportive rope around it. The grey ends are really sleek and don't feel cheaply made. Definitely worth the money! Fits nicely in my computer and an HDMI cable!

	
  Plug and play. It works

	
  This convert provides a good matte finish and a very elegant looking design. I've been using it for a week now and it works perfectly. The price is reasonable too, compared to other similar items on the site.

	
  Works great for adding a second monitor to my laptop

	
  This product is simple. It's just HDMI to USB-C, but it works. It feels sturdy and premium. Something handy to always keep in the laptop bag for traveling.

	
  Easy to use, is as listed on Amazon. Quick shipment with Prime. Very happy with product.

	
  I bought this for my MacBook Pro so I could play movies and some steam games on my tv. It works great. Sleek design and matches the color of my MacBook. Very satisfied with this adapter it does exactly what it should do.

	
  Good cable, nothing much to report. Works just fine

	
  Works well, no issues. Priced right

	
  Cable is solid and is worth the price.

	
  Cool product, fits snugly on both ends. Just plug and play

	
  This product has been working well so far! It's pretty small and light and seems pretty sturdy. The HDMI cord connects well and the picture quality looks identical to the other connection (I use two monitors, one using the HDMI port on my laptop and then the other being this one).

	
  I am not techy - so I wasn't sure I was getting the right product. BUT - I did and this was super easy to use.  During Covid when I couldn't go out shopping, this product arrived a day before it was scheduled and was the perfect price!

	
  Just got the item and it works great. Looking forward to using it with my projector.

	
  I was looking for a HDMI cord for my laptop to connect it to things like monitors and bigger T.V.'s and even ordered one that claimed to be for the MACbook 15 inch but it didn't work. This one works really good there is no false claims with it it fits great into the MacBook and the material is also very durable

	
  Great value! Great product!

	
  I love it. Better than my expectations in respect to price.

	
  Great adapter. Does exactly what it should without any problems!

	
  The perfect little USB/HDMI adapter. I didn’t want anything big and bulky so I can easily throw it in my bag to take from home to the office and this delivers. Works great, no issues!

	
  Seems well made.

	
  This is the best thing going I just tested it on the TV in my garage it instantly turned it into Computer. Now I have a giant screen phone in my garage.

	
  Good built quality, elegant, metallic material similar to iPad itself, braided cable looks sturdy. Using it on iPad Pro 2020

	
  Works great good price

	
  The USB-C to hdmi Adapter works just as I’d hope and the construction seems very well built. It looks very sleek, looks exactly like this picture. I am very happy with this product.

	
  this product was exactly what i was looking for! I’ve  been needing a good cable that wouldn’t be cutting off every minute because of the bad quality, but this product is PERFECT!!

	
  It works with my galaxy note 8

	
  This adapter was exactly what I was looking for at a great price! I had no problems setting it up and it is the perfect length. It seems to be of good quality and works perfectly.

	
  Not bulky like some other options out there.  Recommended for anyone looking to do HDMI out to a TV or display.  Keep in mind that there is not additional power input for a power cord.

	
  This is great! I bought this to connect my laptop to the TV since I do not have a HDMI port. Ironically, I did not use it for that. Instead, I tried it out on my Samsung Note 8. Amazing! It worked beautiful. Sometimes, it disconnected if it was bumped, but other than that, it works great!

	
  Works exactly as expected. It is very slim and easier to carry around rather than one of the multifunction adapters.

	
  Provides great picture quality when plugged into TV. This works perfect for what i was looking for. Great buy!

	
  Needed a standard HDMI cable that could connect to my MacBook and this worked great! Would highly recommend and it is amazing quality for the price.

	
  This was advertised just as it is.  Works well.

	
  This adapter works well. The design is good and space-saving. The price is very reasonable. overall service the purpose as it promised.

	
  I've never seen an adapter like this one. Arrived on time and it matches the picture quality shown. The quality of material was surprisingly durable and matches the value for money spent. Thank You!

	
  Works as described. Made of quality material. Wanted to be able to use my S10+ with my TV as a DEX station and so far this product has worked wonderfully !! Highly recommend.

	
  This device is perfect for what I need it for. Hooked up my phone to my TV.

	
  Works great

	
  Item arrived quickly and as described.

	
  Price was right in line with others I looked at on amazon.  HDMI female and USB-C male connection fit properly on both the HDMI side and the computer side.  I have used this for only one week now and so far so good.

	
  Works as described. Like it very much!

	
  What an awesome adapter!  I bought two of them and they work perfectly with the Microsoft Surface Pro dock (new USB-C format).  These are great and I would highly recommend them for any USB-C -> HDMI need you have.

	
  Very satisfied shopping！

	
  Packaged in a re-usable, cleanable, durable package.  Not the cheap, flimsy plastic wrap stuff other sellers send. Product is well made. Includes end cap for the USB C end.  Worked well with my Dell Thunderbolt 3 connection.  Great video resolution on my 4k TV.

	
  Worked as advertised.

	
  I've used other dongle adapters that require an external power supply to run Samsung Dex otherwise they only provide screen mirroring. This dongle adapter requires NO EXTERNAL POWER SUPPLY and runs Samsung Dex immediately with no issues. A+ product and recommend to others.

	
  Love it.  Works great

	
  This is a second attempt at buying an HDMI adapter for my computer and the first one was more expensive and awful. It was crackly and super hard to get to work. This one however was much more reasonably priced and works a million times better! Great product and a great value!

	
  Great product for the price!

	
  I needed to transfer some video footage to my new iMac Laptop for a Canon Camcorder Vixia but didn't have the USBC adaptor. The UOEOS adaptor cable came promptly and has worked like a charm. Simple and Sweet. Very durable and not flimsy. The tethering cable is sturdy and has a tight threading around the connecting ends from USB-C to the HDMI. Both ends have a smooth metallic casing that look cool. Final note besides it working great, is that the UOEOS Labeling is very subtle and not in your face like the adaptors I've seen.

	
  patch computer to tv

	
  This product shipped faster than expected and also came nicely packaged. It was very easy to set up my second monitor to my Mac book. All I did was plug in the monitor, attach the HDMI cord to the adapter, and then plug it into my laptop. It's small and has a sleek-design and blends in well with my current work-from-home set up. It's also very reasonably priced and comes with a lifetime guarantee. Overall I highly recommend this product.

	
  Item works perfectly, good sturdy quality.

	
  This is a very high-quality, sturdy cable adapter. The cable itself between the thunderbolt and HDMI ports is very solid and appears very durable, unlike some flimsy cables you see  on third-party products. Working great right away  to link my MacBook Pro to a monitor.

	
  Great product. Works as expected.

	
  One of the best purchases by far. It does what it says. Just plug into the tv, plug the other end into the cell phone, and there ya have whatever is on the phone screen will be on the TV screen. Definitely glad I made this purchase, and can't beat the price!

	
  Works okay so far! I like the compact design and braided cord. Picture quality seems good, will update after a few weeks of using it.Regardless, the manufacturer offers a lifetime guarantee, which is pretty awesome.

	
  Great product!!! Works great with my iPad Pro

	
  This cord came quickly and has worked well.

	
  Immediately set up and works like a charm.

	
  These are great if you have a Samsung product and want to use the TV feature with Dex

	
  iused it for netflixbetweenmy phone and tv

	
  It is what it is. Hooked my phone up to a tv to do a presentation.

	
  Compact and well built.  works flawlessly.

	
  Worked great with my 2019 MBP and an external monitor. Very happy.

	
  Great product worked for my surface pro 7

	
  Nice product.

	
  Product was delivered fast and works great!  We purchased this cord to connect our Samsung phone to a portable projector.  Works perfectly!

	
  Great Product

	
  Just as advertised ..... good quality, solid value

	
  Was nice but didn't work how I needed it to could be my phone

	
  I used it to hook up my second monitor and it worked like a charm

	
  Works as intended, very happy with purchase!

	
  Product is lightweight but high quality.  Installs easily and works well.

	
  Honestly, if you're having trouble casting or need to mirror your screen, don't sleep on this adapter! Picture quality is super clear and crisp. I use my S20 Ultra and there is no delay moving from screen to screen or opening apps or watching videos. Definitely worth the price! Definitely recommend!

	
  Good quality material, no issues at all.

	
  I bought this product because my laptop didn't come with an adapter to plug into my seconds monitor with an HDMI cord. I am very pleased with the picture quality and the size of the adapter. I didn't want anything too long or bulky so this is the perfect size!

	
  Works great as expected and it looks like a sturdy sleek cable!

	
  The HDMI looks well made so far and nice quality since it so slim and braided cable. I’ve only had it for about 2 weeks  and it works pretty well. It did not heat up with my MacBook. It actually goes with the color/design of my MacBook I would recommend!

	
  The adapter is perfect. A great product.

	
  We used this product to connect our phones to the tv in our RV so we could stream using cell.  It worked perfectly!  Exactly what we wanted it for!  Definitely recommend this product.

	
  picture quality better than anticipated. exactly as advertised.

	
  Works great, I just leave plugged into TV, so it's ready to go when I wanna hook up laptop.

	
  This product works perfectly for the new MacBook Pro. It fits perfectly in the computer. It fixed all of my problems with connecting to my monitor, and now everything works perfectly. I highly recommend this adapter to anyone trying to connect to their monitor

	
  Very nice

	
  This is a well-made adapter with a very beefy cable! Perfect!

	
  Replaced my standard USB adapter with this and the picture quality is amazing.Customer Service excellent - they replaced a faulty device and the new one is perfect

	
  Awesome product. Fit perfectly what I want and with fair price

	
  didn't got any issue to use with my surface.If you are looking to use usb-c connector with HDMI lines, this is the one you can choose.

	
  Works well I can now use second monitors using the old hdmi cable with my 2019 MacBook Pro

	
  Works perfectly. Quality appears to be good and overall design is appealing.

	
  Perfect for what I need, just as described, arrived fast & well packaged.

	
  Super nice works very well and fits my chrome book perfectly.

	
  Does what's its suppose to. Great quality and made with good materials.Excellent product!

	
  This products works great thanks.

	
  Super easy, quickly attached and gave me a quick dual monitor experience for wfh!

	
  This adapter has done a great job for me. It gives me a great picture and I use it with my computer and my iPad Pro. I have had no problems and will buy another one to use at work and home.

	
  All good with my order, the cable works very well.

	
  Nice product, good quality material. Does the job.

	
  Make sure your device is compatible.

	
  It works

	
  Really good product. It works really well with my macbook.

	
  10/10 would recommend!

	
  Great product for a great price!!

	
  Shipped fast, works like a charm.

	
  Got this for my son . He loves it

	
  Works good. Does exactly what its supposed to

	
  great value and service. I will buy there products again

	
  Received in good condition and it is worth the cost. Highly recommend!

	
  Good image quality and connection for fair price compared to other retailers.

	
  This product works well and there were no surprises with the package.

	
  Great quality, great price.

	
  Nice product for the price.

	
  The cable works for my macbook pro 16' to my DELL monitor very well.

	
  Nice product!

	
  Definitely a good buy for me.  Exactly what I needed.

	
  Worked perfectly for Samsung Galaxy S9.

	
  Using Galaxy S10 it works flawlessly.  Excellent video quality and very well built product.  Highly recommend if your looking for HDMI output from your phone!!

	
  So glad to have found this!

	
  I love this device I pulled it out of the package plug it up it work immediately. A great price and good quality item as well as its  well made and you can tell that by looking at it and holding it it has good weight to it but it's not too heavy. Work flawlessly.

	
  Great cord for a great price. Gets the job done and let’s me work from home more efficiently using a second monitor. Why pay more??

	
  Fast shipping and just as described! Would recommend and purchase again!

	
  I have been working from home now and needed to be able to connect a monitor with an HDMI input into my laptop's USB 3.0 port.  This product was plug and play for my laptop with no drivers to update.  There were no issues and now I have an additional monitor to work from home.

	
  Macs get more streamlined but connecting to devices needs additional tools.  This USB C to HDMI adapter cable made it easy to connect my Mac to the TV and get a bigger screen.  Adapter arrived quickly, easy to use and provides a solid connection.

	
  Good.  Does the work. No problem with it.

	
  I just decided to pick this cable, and I am very pleased. The cable is braided and seems to be very sturdy. The USB-C and HDMI connections also are of good quality. It is pretty small, but this will be very useful to make a connection with my surface pro and HDMI cables when needed. Great buy for your money!

	
  Bought this for my Surface Laptop.  With most laptops, and slimmer laptops eliminating ports, this was a great adapter to use for using secondary monitors without having to get an entire docking station.

Good quality for the price	very nice, small and neat, matches my dark grey Macbook.
Does what it should	Takes up a small amount of space on my desk and allows me to have the USB 3.0 ports forward for ease of plugging accessories in when my MacBook is plugged into a monitor. HDMI port was easy to access as well.
useful	Great multi port adapter. Carry it with me all the time for my MacBook Pro. Only adapter I always need!
Great quality and value.	This product worked exactly as described for my Macbook Pro. It is helpful to be able to take just one item and know that I can connect to various other types of hardware. Great value.
Metal body, good value	This was just what I needed to be able to plug external hard drives and SD cards into my new Mac! It works well and transfers data quickly!
Love it	I ordered this item because I needed more additional USB access for my MacBook Air.  I am able to use my screen extention as well as a mouse and i couldn't be happier.
Better Than Paying $90 For A Dongle!	You can use it pretty much every day with no disconnections as it's so functional. Now I can connect almost everything to my MacBook that only supports USB-C. I mostly like it because it is absolutely fast when many things connected to it.
Multiport Multimedia	The nice sleek design, however, it was a bit flimsy. The quality is not that sturdy, however, it gets the job done. Does not overheat easily which was essential since I use these a lot. Would recommend.
Wireless Mouse Freezes	I bought this product for the primary purpose of plugging a portable mouse into. The mouse constantly lags behind and frequently freezes. The USB port has to be laying in a certain angle in order to put pressure on the connection between the USB and the USB HUB. This has been very disappointing.
Great product!	I just got the flepow usb type c hub pro. It looks nice
Supreme Build Quality	Much sturdier than the adapter that came with my laptop. So far, so good but it’s only been used a couple of times in the few weeks I have had it.
Convienient	This is a sleekly designed adapter.  I bought it for the USB outlets, but have used almost every port. It works perfectly.
How does it work?	Great product for the money, the build quality for what you pay is awesome on my iPad Pro and it works perfect. I’m buying another for my son’s Mac air
Chromebook	The product is made of amazing quality metal and doesn't scratch easily, even when inside a bag. I wish it had more usb ports but other than that, it is perfect.
Great Product	Product works as advertised.  It came on time.  No issues.
Great purchase	Pretty lightweight and useful and  good to have around with my laptop
Working really well!	I have a lap top that I use primarily, but when at my desk I need to be able to plug in a big screen, printer, speakers etc. This hub has made all of that possible. It is slim and sleek. Lays flat with the cords attaching to the side so all is flat on the desk top. I had one that "works" but it wasn't near as convenient of as nice looking as this one. Thank you for making a cool product!!
Longevity of item very very short	I was really happy with this purchase. Great quality for the price. I liked the multiple ports and functionality.
Small Portable USB Adapter	I order this for my iPad Pro 3rd generation which limits you to only a charger port. This USB C hub came with everything I needed all in one. It’s very compatible and convenient. 5 stars across the board.
Supreme Build Quality	It's a nice looking device and the materials feel pretty high quality with a nice texture. I mainly needed this for the HDMI port for a second monitor on my 13" 2019 macbook pro, and it has been working for that very nicely. Having the extra usb ports is a big convenience, although I don't really use the SD card ports. I could see photographers using them, though. Overall I would definitely recommend this product, its a good value for the price!
works perfectly	this usb c is the perfect tool for the macbooks that do not have usb ports anymore...works perfectly
Works better than my other purchase that cost substantially more...	It's small size fits nicely with my laptop set up.  The ports are what I need to supplement the minimal ports available on the laptop. Speedy and transparent to the external devices plugged into it.  I would recommend this multi-port addition to all who would like extra ports available.
useful	I needed this device  for a connectivity solution and it works great for this purpose. I wouln't buy anything else. This is perfect and exactly what you need. I highly recommend this product as it solved all of my problems
light weight and easy	Connection cable too short- not usable with iMac.
Love it so far!	This is a great product for functionality for the newer generation of macbook pro's that don't have USB 3.0 ports.I only gave it 4 stars as there are multiple times that I lose wifi connectivity when I plug the product into the left side, most rear port on my macbook. Looking around online it seems this is typical for macbooks using adapters like this, so it may not be due to this product alone, it may be a functionality issue with the laptop.
Great Product! Very Compatible and reliable	This Multiport adapter serves all my needs for my new Macbook Air.  HDMI input to my monitor and extra USB ports as well as micro ports.  Simple to attach and highly portable.  Does the job and is a great value for the price.
As described - very useful	I bought this for my son to use work his MacBook Pro and he loves it! Takes it everywhere he takes his MacBook including college.
Very portable!	Works perfectly. Simple, small, but keeps everything organized and plugged in securely.I tested writing and deleting a 2gb file to a usb 3.0 thumb drive and it was as fast as the $80 hyperdrive that I also have.
Works great!	It works pretty well. Good quality!
Awesome, works great!	One of the challenges of the design of the new Macbook air is that there is only 2 USB-C ports on this otherwise wonderful device.  Thus the need for some way to expand all of the power of the macbook.  I searched the options and settled on this for the price, the number and variety of ports and portability.The quality of the device has been excellent. Overall I'm very pleased with this product.
Excellent hub that does the job	I needed a USB Hub for my Macbook Pro since it doesn't have any USB slots, and I spent hours trying to find a decent one. I decided on this one and it works as described. I've used it to transfer files to/from an external hard drive, and the transfer speed is great. The plug is a little big so you do have to push a little harder to insert it into the macbook, but overall, it works great.
Amazing tool for your Mac in a world that is not 100% Mac yet	Product as described and advertised. After a month of use i had no problems with the adapter.Also used it to transfer files from Micro sd and sd ports and the speed was more than ok.I would buy this product again. it is nice to have with you because you never know how many ports you will need when out of the office.
Thumbs Up!	I purchased this USB C hub Multiport Adapter because of the 4K HDMI output, which is great. I was pleasantly surprised to learn that the USB 3.0 ports of this Adapter worked with an ASUS MB168 additional monitor. The official Apple USB-C VGA Multiport Adapter I purchased before this did not work with the ASUS monitor. Nice surprise for me and my 2019 MacBook Pro!
works perfectly	It’s a simple product that simply works. Great addition to my iPad Pro running iOS 13.
My first time to give a review on Amazon	Very good build quality, feels nice in the hand and is very tough! The materials are very well made and the metal part even feels like the macbook. Works with all sorts of my cables and doesn't feel glitchy with lots of stuff connected, and seems to be one of the cheapest options for such a thing on the site.
Disappointed	The adapter works as it should, all features work as advertised and even works with an older monitor for HDMI. More than I can say for the usb-c to HDMI adapter cables I got before this. I think this is a great buy at a good price. Will probably pick up one or two more.
Good product	Great product! Described as listed and very useful!!!! I love the multifunction of this devise!!!!
Thumbs Up!	Bought this hub to connect a laptop to a bigger display monitor to work from home. One day of use and it literally quit the next day. Had to buy a brand new (better quality) hub the next day that is still going strong months later. Save yourself the effort and pay the little extra for a better hub. Leave this one alone as it is straight garbage.
Great product!	Nice quality. Works as it should. Seems like it will hold up until obsolete.
Perfect for whatever you need an extension for	Bought it to add more ports to my macbook air and I  use it with my android tablet too. Small, portable and works great.
Overall good buy	Has everything I need and works as expected after 6 months.
High speed, powered by usb port, and works FINE with 500GB ssd's!	Here's the deal...  I have a Macbook and was looking for one of those hubs with two male plugs sticking out the side.  I figured it would be the best route to have it look solid against the side of the Mac.  But then I thought about it awhile and concluded that the two plugs would still put too much damaging torque into the sockets on the Mac.  I then started looking for a hub with a short cord ("tail").  Found this one!  It has all the sockets I will ever need, the color matches my Mac exactly.  And the best part is I know there is no chance it will damage the sockets on my Macbook.  I am very happy with this supplier also, as it arrived 2 days earlier than promised!
Happy	It works! Does exactly what it’s supposed to do. Nice quality and performs as expected.
Worst device	Good
Great sleek and sturdy semi-compact product.  * 4.5/5 *	I have been using this for the past few weeks, and would give it a 4.5/5 stars.The product is sleek and slim but still feels sturdy and durable. The ports fit snugly at first and required a finagle or two.. but after a few uses that seemed to be of no issue.The only real drawback I see is that the USB Type-C wire which connects to the MacBook (in my case) is rather stiff coming out of the base of the middle of the unit.. Makes it tough to travel compactly if you want to fold it, and also causes some unnecessary wear and tear. All in all, it's certainly not a show stopper.I am strongly considering buying another one of these already..Thanks!
Exactly what you want	This is an astounding product and I highly reccomend and quick delivery
Convenient	Love this product. I switched to a Mac at work and needed something to serve as a ‘docking station’ at home but mobile enough for travel. Works as advertised and I’ll order another for my travel.
Love it	I am a graduate student who frustrates over adapters not working after several uses. However, after having USB C Hub for a few months, it's clear to me that this model is one of the best on the market. Past adapters I have used broke or would lose connection without applying hand pressure. I definitely would urge any student or young professional who wants a reliable and portable adapter to buy USB C Hub Multiport Adapter.
Works great with everything but my iPad	Weel most of all I like the style It has and that it worked and that the materials seems to be great. I mean you get he impresión that is high quality at the very moment you see it, highly recommended
Great product for the value!	Came in quick, and it is exactly what I was looking for to connect my phone to my laptop.  Perfect size, not bulky and obnoxious.  I have had it only for a few weeks, no issues yet.  Great for traveling and fits in my laptop bag.
Great product	This is an amazing product , really handy for me when i travel for work.
Delightfully small, elegantly powerful but....	In the box - was pleasantly surprised by how small it was. Nicely packaged.Out of the box - Was packed tightly so no worry of denting or scratching. Was heavier than expecting exuding quality and the finish of the aluminum body was a very nice compliment to my Space Gray MacBook Pro 2019.Use and function - I tried every port and was able to get them all to work especially charging my phone through one of the 3.0 Usb ports. I can't speak to the speed of the drive, because I didn't test that, but it synced up my phone for the first time very quickly.UPDATE: This did not work with my presentation remote. It kept cutting out. I marked it 5 stars for the customer service response time and the way they dealt with the problem. Thank you and would definitely do business again.
Great Adapter	Pros:- lightweight, compact design - easily thrown in alongside a laptop for travel- made from metal, premium feel- sturdy, boxy shape, no bend or give- wire connecting the usb-c plug to the hub is thicker than normal, seems it will last a whileCons:- LED light built-in that lights up whenever the hub is connected, might be annoyingly bright in a dark room- bottom of the hub is not perfectly flatOther users reported the usb-c port that the hub is connected to becoming unusable, didn't happen to me.
One stop shop	I'm an IT consultant and the USB "C" capability, coupled with the other available ports and easy portability make this a must have for my business. The price only servers to push it over the top as a great buy!
need longer flexible cord	After a few weeks of having this adapter, there have been no problems whatsoever. It works exactly as intended and fits neatly tucked behind my desk. Seems fairly durable and did not require setup of any kind. I definitely recommend the purchase.
Great for every application	Just as described - works great.
received ; as advertised	I wish that there were more than 3 USB ports available. Also, sometimes the HDMI connection cuts out during a PowerPoint presentation. Overall, though, this is a quality product that works well and these are only minor complaints.
Hight quality hub	Works great so far (I’ve had it for about 3 weeks)
Great Adapter	This product does not have a charging outlet or port. So if you are ok with the battery life on your mac book. Great product, it doesn't overheat. Has many reliable ports for USB, HDMI and more. I like it because  I can use this product anywhere. Very helpful to have to plug in many ports for USB access.
Good Product	So far it's worked perfectly with my new Mac. Great price too! I'd buy it again.
Works as Expected	Works fine after 3 months of use.
Nice product	This is a great product, no problem and works great. Feels heavy duty while being relatively light and portable.
Useful	It's lightweight and it has worked with all my cables so far. Excellent.
Very Durable	it works
Works great	The cord is a little long and seems cumbersome at times. I use it the most with Camera and printer, and charging other products
Great	Easy to use and very fast.
Longevity of item very very short	This hub works great and is well made. Quality seems to be very good. Small size helps with traveling and storage.
Good product	Worked great ad t as I did not have enough plug in on my computer .
Works for multiple devices	This is a great product. Small and thin enough that it fits in my purse along with my laptop. Would recommend!
Perfect	Very quaint and useful add on to my MacBook! I’m very happy with my purchase!
High Quality for a great price.	Had every port that I needed.  Small enough to be tucked away in a computer bag pocket.  Use it weekly.
Perfect for whatever you need an extension for	Nice product, looks more expensive than you would think for the price!
As described - very useful	Got it today. Looks good for now because it has a nice and premium feel to it. Good product for an affordable price. Only complaint might be that the cable at the starting of the adapter looks a little to sturdy, so thinking it might wear out quickly. Let see, hope it doesn't.
Necessity for Apple Laptops	I love this! it literally made my life so much easier. I can use my USB, HDMI , charger, and printer line to do all at once. My MacBook would probably wouldn't be as useful to me as this.
Functional and portable	The USB C hub is a very solid product. It has many port options while being light and portable.
Very high quality!	I really wanted to like this sleek, light, multi port device but it is too intermittent with my wireless mouse that Inam very frustrated with the USB plugs.  The HDMI plug works very well but the USBs are also so underpowered I can’t use it to download iPhone photos or even charge my phone.
High speed, powered by usb port, and works FINE with 500GB ssd's!	This thing was purchased for use with a usb-shy laptop used when we travel.  It is a replacement for an ungainly externally powered hub I had previously used and it is WAY beyond expectations in every way.First:  It is small and very substantially built.  Second:  It doesn't need an external power source -- all power comes from the usb port.  In my case with the laptop, it supports file transfers between two 500GB plugin-ssd's and it is FAST; making excellent use of the usb-3 port that the laptop has.Finally; The laptop does NOT have a usb-C port, so I bought the Electop GEN 2 Adapter (https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B07Q81GD5G/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_search_asin_title?ie=UTF8&psc=1) to convert from usb-C to usb-3.  The combination works extremely well.It is rare that I get to say "Highly Recommended".  This is one of those times.
Does the Job	Lightweight and has all the options for me to connect to all my devices for my Macbook.  In fact, I like it so much that I'd ordered another one for my kid's laptop.
Better Than Paying $90 For A Dongle!	This USB-C device is exactly what I wanted. It's not too heavy and is quite portable.
Simple but effective!	Sleek design and compact size (deck of cards for size reference).Connection speed is seamless - I've 2 monitors, 2 usbs ports always connected. There no slow down or connection lag.Great product!
Simply all you need	This product is very helpful for providing USB ports, an HDMI port, and slots for SD cards. I have the new MacBook Pro which unfortunately doesn’t come with any of these, so this adapter is very helpful for me.
great quality	The product works well and is extremely well built.
Great product	I haven't had any problems with the usb hub so far, everything works just as it was advertised and I do not have any complaints.
Fit perfectly into my MacPro	Works as expected. It has a nice design as well.
Looks good	Works as described
Great Product	This is so much better than the one we used to have. I highly recommend this product!
Great Stocking Stuffer!! Must Have Gadget for Mac with USB-C port!!	I have a Dell XPS-15 9575 2-in-1 laptop with Thunderbolt and USB-C ports and a micro SD card reader. I ordered this hub to provide the missing ports. When I first tried to use the hub it caused a Windows error indicating that the hub required more power than could be supplied by the port. I sent email to the vendor and within two hours received a response stating that the XPS must be connected to power (not on battery). The vendor promptly responded to additional emails. With further testing I found that the hub will only work on a USB-C port, not a Thunderbolt port. I was able to connect two thumb drives, a DVD drive, and an SD card at the same time. I may use the included HDMI port in the future. This hub is light, sturdy and an excellent product that I highly recommend.After several months of use this product is still working as designed.
All you need in one	This was a great product, very useful, worked perfectly
Great product!	It is really good and economical. Good for traveling. Great material.
Works well	Works great and I've had no problems with it so far.
It works with the New 2018 IPad Pro 11”	Needed something to interface equipment with a tablet device that has nothing but USB C connections.  This allowed me to hook up a mouse and my cell phone for backing up and adding files.  Works great so far.  Haven't tried the video but if that works it will be just like a $23 docking station.
What I was looking for!!	Great product.
It works with the New 2018 IPad Pro 11”	Needed a USB hub for the new MacBook Air laptop doesn't have a single USB port on it. It's very frustrating when technology keeps trying to force you into the "cloud" for all your photos, videos & files. I'm old school in wanting to keep paper copies of important information and use an SD card when I take photos and videos. This USB hub multipart adapter works great transferring data efficiently. It also seems to be well built and is small enough to carry with me on trips.
I love it!	I didn't think this product would be this nice for the price, but the quality was there, and the portability of it is great. 10/10 recommend.
Very Great	Very good product, everything works as it is supposed to
High Quality for a great price.	Useable for MacBook Pro 2019 version.very useful and fast. Worth the money. Great product. :)  recommend to buy.
Small, practical, and convenient	works great and has lots of ports!
Works great	Fast shipping with Prime. I bought my wife a new MacBook pro and didn't realize that it needed this adapter. I ordered it and it was on my doorstep in two days. Well with the money.
high quality product.	Works like a charm! Connects my wife's macbook to our home monitor so she can work from home office. Connects audio, video, and multiple devices, including charging. Best hub I've found on amazon.
Does the job	Great product! Works just as advertised. I like how there are many ports, great versatility. The material is good quality and the cable feels strong and thick. I am using it with my MacBook Pro 2019.I am very satisfied with this product and would recommend anyone to buy it!
Just About Perfect	I love this device. One of the reasons I was scared to get the laptop I got was the lack of ports and being able to do everything that I used to be able to do on my old laptop, but with this device I can hook it up to my TV and I can download pictures from my SD card! I love it and am so glad I got it! I keep it in my backpack for school and it's so small and easy to carry! I would recommend this to anyone!
Fantastic value and great performance	My new computer does not have enough ports, and what it does have are on the back. This little hub is exactly what I need. It plugs into the USB C port that I don't use, and gives me 3 USB ports, an HDMI port, and an SD card reader. Excellent!
Good Product!	Even though it's a little bigger, it has the sd card slots and hdmi which is great. Good quality material, I don't see it breaking any time soon.
?	This worked perfect for my MacBook!
Great Value	Arrived on time.  Tested all the USB ports which work, have not tried the media readers or HDMI yet.
Excellence	I needed a port to read SD cards. This one works great and has a permanent spot on my desk because it is a perfect size.
Makes your Macbook useful	So far this has worked great for me. No problems and it makes my MacBook Air much more accessible.  For the price, you can't go wrong.
This is the perfect adapter for any MacBook user.	Es mejor de o que esperaba. lo conecté a mi samsung galaxy note 8 con cable hdmi a un tv smart y de inmediato me activó la opción DEX de Samsung. permite trabajar con todos los puertos al mismo tiempo. muy util...
Good Adapter	It’s a shame that a dock is practically required for recent MacBooks, but with that thought aside, this dock is perfectly fine and meets my needs very well.
HDMI port does not work very well	Attractive and streamlined design, lightweight, lots of ports (HDMI, SD Card reader, usb), great for travel. Works great, thanks!
Great product for the value!	title says it all
Exactly what I needed	Great. I picked the right one for my needs
Works preety good	Love this adapter and how I am able to charge more than one thing at a time .
Great	Perfect small size for travel. Allows me to plug in my mouse converter and USB. Very versatile.
Good Quality	I was very happy with this product.  It was exactly as it was advertised.  I used it for my laptop and was very satisfied.
Happy	Solid build quality, looks match my MacBook well. It works just fine, really my only gripe is that it's a little clunky, but it's nothing I can't overlook. Great option for the price.
Just what I needed!	I've been very satisfied with this product. It works with my MacBook Pro and I'm finally able to transfer photos from my Nikon to my Mac (by inserting the SD card reader). I love that the multiple ports allow me to easily manage and transfer files from several locations. Another bonus for me is that because it has a short cord for plug in, I am able to use this adapter without having to remove my computer case. Some others I looked at were flush with the side of the laptop and did not work if you also had a computer case.  I've owned for about 2 months now with no problems.
Great	I use this hub daily and it works great.
Great product at a great price.	I got a new macbook for my birthday back in October along with an Amazon gift card. This was one of the first accessories that I used the gift card to purchase due it being relatively inexpensive and I have no regrets. It has worked perfectly with no issues and I am extremely satisfied with my purchase. 5 stars.
Great price in for a quality product	This product worked great at was such a good deal for the price. Great product and I highly recommend it!!
Good	The 4" cord is too short. Input & output connectors fit well.
Great product for the value!	While the hub feels very lightweight, it seems of strong construction and works great for USB thumb drives and HDMI TV connection on my laptop. All good here!
Wireless Mouse Freezes	I originally wanted to just get a USB-C to USB 3.0 adapter at Best Buy but as I was looking around, they looked unnecessarily expensive and I thought to myself "there must be a better option". After that I decided to peruse amazon and found my jack of all trades if you will. It has everything I need to get my work done. It's got 3 USB ports, HDMI, and SD card readers. I love it!
Great Product	Works as advertised
Great adapter!	Good one
Extends your memory and ports!	Great solution for all the hard drives and other attachments I need. Card reader is super handy
Works like a charm	This product is phenomenal i love it
Awesome product	I have been using this adapter for a little over two months to hook my macbook up to a MSI ultrawide monitor along with a corsair mouse and keyboard and have had no issues whatsoever. It was just plug and play right out of the box and I couldn't be happier with my purchase, would buy again.
Makes my laptop more useable	Really good quality product. Recommend this seller stuff. Will buy from them next time.
Good Adapter	I have bought this adapter for about two weeks. It used to connected the monitor and the keyboard for my new Macbook Pro. It is in good use and I have bought another one for use at home.
Very well constructed and dependable.	Ordered  this yesterday, received it today!  Came packaged well and sealed.  Have MacBook Air and iPad Pro.  Looking forward to putting this little device to good use!
Good, product, great buying experience	Works great on both my MacBook Pro and Surface Latop. I use it mostly for the SD card slot, hdmi out, and external USB DVD drive.
It really has all the ports	Nice product worth buying
USB Port unstable	Very surprised at the quality of this for such a great price. Very durable, perfect for travel, and.. it just looks cool. Highly recommend.
Simple and work perfectly	Works great, as I thought and came earlier than expected. Bonus!
great hub	Great product!!
Good, product, great buying experience	This is great item that works exactly the way it should. Good for traveling and something to always have handy. Ended up buying 2
Does a good job	This is a great product and very easy to use.
Perfect Multiport for Mac Users	Took it out of the box, plugged it into my tablet and it has worked flawlessly ever since.Study design and multiple ports give you just about all you need as far as connectivity.I use it mainly for HDMI connectivity from my tablet to my HD TV and the video is as good as it can be.There is no stutter or lag in the picture or sound.It would be nice if it had a usb charging port but otherwise it has all you might need.I would recommend this to others and would buy it again.
Works. Seems well built.	Te sirve para conectar dispositivos más probablemente no para cargalos pues al parecer no maneja buena potencia
Great Product	arrived on time , easy to use and store. gets the job done
Versatile!	I love the material and the slimmest design of the product totally worth it
Very high quality!	I just bought a macbook pro and obviously needed one of these adapters. I almost bought a $50 one before I bought these and I'm glad I didn't. This cost me $22 and it does everything I wanted. It's fast, light and it also has a nice design, even better than the expensive ones. Great buy!
Great Product	Easy to setup, doesnt take up any space and it works great.
Very easy to use	Just what I ordered and does what I need.  Thank you.
Inexpensive effective	I found this item at Best Buy for $20 more and when I found it here I returned the item to Best Buy and saved myself some cash.  Great device and it's just what I was looking for.
Good for travel	This product is very useful for MacBook users. However, the product description says that it comes with seven ports, yet it only comes with six. I don't know if the seventh port is the wire that connects to the mac but I was expecting an extra port. Besides that, the product works great and is very handy when I need to plug in a USB C into the MacBook. Also, since it's so tiny, it is very easy to travel with (it can even fit in a pocket). An additional pro is that if you have the space gray MacBook color, the color of this adapter matches exactly, making it a neat accessory. Overall, I'd say this adapter is worth the money.
Multiport Multimedia	Great product. It works as it should. Very versatile and you can fit a lot of different plugs for all your technology needs.
Great	Wonderful product at an excellent price!
USB C Hub Multiport Adapter use	This is very handy and has all the adaptors that I need for my various devices. I’m a teacher and I use it all the time with my MacBook Air.
Great Quality	I just got the dongle and tested it - all ports are currently working. Outside shell seems durable but will have to put it to the test. I got it because it looks compact and easy to put into bags/pockets.
convenient	easy to transport & use.  great value
Great adapter!	Nice product. Lots of options in a small package. I havent used everything yet but great so far.
Great all inclusive Multiport Adapter	This is all you need to attach your devices to your computer.
Makes your Macbook useful	This hub is very useful and I like how small it is. Also I love how there is a lot of USB port and how it works really well👍 I would really recommend this product and it comes really quickly too.
Makes my laptop more useable	If you need a DEX device or just a USB hub get one, It works wonderfully.
Very good, not perfect	This little hub comes in super handy. I'm a mac user and it's known that mac doesn't have enough usb outlets. This hub has them all and I bring it with me everywhere I go for work. Great product quality and would recommend to anyone!
Works perfectly. No loss of connection	With the new port on the latest MacBook, there is a definite need for a multiport converter. This one is priced pretty well, and it offers everything you need to make presentations and import and export data.
Small and light enough to easily keep in your bag at all times	well-designed portable hub with the port selection.Connect to the Samsung S9 phone and watch pictures on big screen.
Great Product	Everything performs flawlessly and quickly. Only thing missing is a USB-C port.
Works perfectly. No loss of connection	It’s attractive, matches my laptop.  But it falls out of the USB-C port at the slightest movement.  I don’t have this problem with the Apple adapter.
Highly recommend	I like the practicality of this product. It's what I expected.
Delightfully small, elegantly powerful but....	The adapter does everything I need it to do. It has a short cord so it is designed to be used with a laptop. I use mine with my desktop so I had to buy a male/female extension cable. If you have to buy one also, read the reviews of the cable carefully. The first cable I bought would not allow the adapter to be found by my computer. People had written about this in the reviews of the cable. But I was just buying a cable so I didn’t read the reviews. My bad. I sent that cable back and bought a more expensive one and It works great. It was no fault of the USB-C adapter, just the cable I bought didn’t work. Otherwise this adapter works great.
Great product for use when traveling.	It works okNeed to try it more...
Very handy!	This Chub is a great product.  It works great with eh Apple MacBook Pro.  You can use any USB ans SD cards with it
Very well constructed and dependable.	I purchased this recently and we used it only a few times - now it does not work! When using it to connect an external drive and with my iPhone the connection was on and off, on and off, all of the time - and I think this may have contributed to ruining the hard drive. $150+ later, we were able to get the data from our external drive.I suggest purchasing a higher quality product.
Good adapter	I like that it doesn't have all the power buttons on top so all the usb devices work all the time.
Good Product!	Very portable and have way too many ports for all needs
USB Port unstable	No one ever claims that the connector to the computer is part of the 7 in 1 adapter, unless you're a company that wants to mislead people about how awesome your product is.  This is a 6 in 1 adapter (1 HDMI, 3 USB,  1 SD and 1 micro-SD) that gets connected to the usb-c port of a computer.  The product works well otherwise.
Solid product	This multiport adapter has worked perfectly the past few months. It was a great value, and I am very happy with my purchase. Would highly recommend!
Good product	good product
It works !	Only few weeks working with it. It is working fine and fast. I would recommend you to give it a try.
As advertised!	I’m so glad I bought this product. The new MacBook lacks USB ports, so I needed to buy an adapter. This one is perfect for all my needs.
Delightfully small, elegantly powerful but....	This usb-c multiport adapter was clearly made for the new macbook pro as it is similar in color to apple's new laptop and very necessary for enabling this usb-c only computer to connect to much of anything. I have had this adapter for about a month now and can say that it works great. I have used the sd card port, the hdmi port and the usb ports, all of which work without a hitch. The usb-c cord is thick but bendable enough to not get in the way and the device itself is small enough to tuck away in a computer bag to bring to work. All in all a good purchase for anyone with a usb-c only computer.
Easy to use!!!	I purchased it to charge my phone and be able to connect my printer. So far so good. I tried all ports except for the hdmi one and they all work very well. I'm very happy with the purchase + I got it at a very good price.
Exactly what I needed for my Mac	Nice little all-in-one adapter for connecting or accessing all the technology in your life.  Just make sure you're needing to plug it into a USB-C hub, not a standard USB hub.
Works like a charm	After I received this product, I plugged it into my computer and nothing happened. I guess it was bad one.
easy to use	A lot better quality thing than I thought it would be. Definitely a good option for the price.
Looks good	Great adapter
Compact but offers a lot!	I keep this item in my backpack because my new macbook doesn't have a USB port. I actually haven't used this item yet since I haven't needed to, but it seems to be good quality and definitely lightweight so I can carry it around all day.
Adds needed functionality for the MacBook pro	I had been looking for a way to extend my new Chromebook onto a second monitor. None of the stores in my area had anything and the stuff I did find was expensive. With this little device, I am not only able to use a second monitor but I am able to hook my old mouse and keyboard up as well. Turning my Chromebook into a more traditional desktop when I'm at home.
As described, good quality	I like the size and functionality of this product.  Looks well-made and is practical.
easy to use	I like the compact design. It works really well and is easy to carry. Totally worth the money.
Works as Expected	Multiple easily accessible ports.
Does the Job	Works as described. Good quality material. Does its job well.
Works. Seems well built.	I use this to connect my Apple Macbook Air to all of my music devices, microphone and inputs. The quality of the materials and the connection are solid. This is a reliable USB-C Hub that has totally up-leveled my music production! Highly recommend!
Works AMAZING!	Super happy to find this product easy to travel with , and works perfectly price point amazon totally highly recommend
Seems durable	Works well!  Received very quickly!
Adds needed functionality for the MacBook pro	This is a small, compact adapter for that is suitable for the MacBook Pro 16 that provides three USB 3.0 ports, both micro and SD card ports and HDMI. Does not have a USB C pass through port, but since the MacBook Pro 16 already has 4 of these it is not really needed. I would highly recommend this for use with the MacBook Pro.
Works as expected	The product is simplistic and compact in design. Plug and play works well for USB devices, seamlessly. When I plugged in a USB mouse, I had to remove and plug it again to work. This is only for the first time. After that, it has been seamless. Yet to use all the ports at the same time.
Perfect to travel with	Works great!
Cell use	The quality is great; works just like how it should. However it may be a little long but usually portability is not a problem.
Love it	I have been using this product with Macbook Pro, it works perfectly for data transfers and good hdmi ports. Never faced any issues. Buy with confidence.
Great Quality	My husband travels a lot for work and has a laptop. It has been helpful for him having this to extend his ports to be able to plug everything he needs into the computer to get his job done. Makes working easier for him.
This works really well!	All ports work flawlessly. Great product.
Excellence	I have used this adapter for more than 3 months and has not encountered any issues. It is small and get the job done. I have been using it to turn my laptop into a desktop. Highly recommended.
Multiport Multimedia	So far, it is working great.  I am pleased, it is light weight, compact, and it has ports for all my devices.
The multiport adaptor works	Pleased with all aspects of this apparatus except after a short period of time, it quit working on my Mac Air.  Very disappointed as it was a nice size with all the abilities I needed.  I would have been very pleased if it had just continued to work.  Very pleased they stood behind their product.
Fast delivery / High quality	This works excellent with my 2017 MacBook Pro 13 Inch. USB ports work great and the HDMI works great too.
Easy to use!!!	Works great, as advertised!
Great value.	Great product easy to use
Perfectly functional	It's so compact and it's compatible with Inspiron 7000! I tried to test the write speed from my usb using this, and I was surprised that this is 2x faster than the usb port in the laptop! Definitely recommend this one as this has 3 usb ports, an HDMI, an SD and micro SD card reader! Worth every dollar!
Great purchase	I love the products. received my order very fast. use this company for all my tech purchases now.
Love it!	I am very happy with this product. I got it to mainly use for my IPad Pro 12.9. Make sure that you have the right kind of usb because the usb I had did not work with it. I also got this so I can evetunally get more storage for the IPad.
Very Useful	This is a great simple and effective adapter.  We use it with my wife's MacBook Air, and it has worked perfectly.  The construction is solid, and we've used the HDMI port for a few hours.  Highly recommend for the price.
Great USB C Hub	This works great for my purposes. But I do wish I could use a mouse with it. But after reading the other reviews, I realize now it is not compatible with a wireless mouse. But it works great for my external hard drive’s and goes well with my MacBook Pro! No other complaints.
Great product	Very well made! Works great with MAC air.
Perfect	So far this product is working great! Nice design, light weight and portable.
Great!	Good solid usb/c adapter, 3 usb 3.0, microsd and sd slot, hdmi, need a couple of weeks to try and update my review. With just 1 day of use, seems a pretty good product.
HDMI port does not work very well	quality, convenience, functional, can't go wrong with this device, recommended for sure
Gadget saver	I recently got my MacBook and I needed to use my older USB products, this was the perfect solution. Also, I give presentations and the HDMI output is perfect for connecting to tv's in conference rooms. Would def recommend!
Solid Adapter	Ad Adv, allows me to expand my inputs
Does the job	This thing have good quality u can feel the material... works as it says... this is quality, I returned bcuz doesn’t have to charge my laptop, but still if u have a MacBook Pro and looking for a complete hub this is all you need.
Exactly what you want	works perfect, would buy again
Extends your memory and ports!	Nothing fancy here, nor does it need to be. Needed a way to get info from some old memory cards and hard disks to my Macbook Pro and this little adapter fit the bill. Small, lightweight, read everything I plugged. That's it. Satisfied!
Works as advertised	It's easy to carry around and works very well. Never had a problem. Very happy with the product!
useful	I purchased a space grey macbook air and was in dire need of an inexpensive, reliable usb port. I was pleased when this arrived and matched my computer color perfectly.A bonus was that when connecting to my monitor I was able to make use of the HDMI port.5/5 would buy again.
Works GREAT!	Very lightweight and slick looking. I wish it didn't have the text on the top, otherwise, it is perfect.
Very functional - great design, super lightweight- works great!	I bought this to use with a new, 16” MacBook Pro.  Everything works, and the data transfer is faster than I expected.  I’d say it’s a must have, for any computer with only USB C ports.
Great all in one device.	It’s good!! And also really useful.
Works seamlessly with PC but very limited with iPad.	The 3 star rating is because I was purchasing for moving items on/off an IPad.  Where is moves photos extremely quickly off a sd card to an iPad it does not work the other way.  My portable hard drives would at all not work when connecting to my iPad.  However, with my PC it works seamlessly and if I were purchasing it for a PC I would have rated it 5 stars as I could move items between computer, sd card, and portable hard drives.
Makes your Macbook useful	I was really surprised at how great this hub is. There are so many options I could of chosen from, but this hub provided the best quality as well as full compatibility with what I was looking for.
5 Star product	Exactly what is to be expected
Very easy to use	Nothing to complain about.
Plug and Play	Small, compact, easy to use!
Great USB C Hub	This product stays connected always no matter the position of the cable and my MAC has no issues with it.
Durable HUB that stays cool and quiet if you unplug and have correct orientation	This product works as advertised. I have been using it since Nov 2019 and I have had no issues with it. Doesn't work with my pixel 3,but that might be my phones fault. Works great with my tablet. Would recommend.
Exactly what you want	Nice
Versatile	I’m very happy with this adapter. Perfect size, very light and works great!!!
You now have options from a small device. Been searching for*	This thing worked right out of the box. The price is really good compared to some of the other products that do the same thing. So I decided to take a chance on this one and am very glad I did.The quality is really good for the price. I wasn’t expecting it to be as solid as it is so I’m not afraid to pack it around in my bag.
Just what my laptop needed	We purchased this adapter for my son to use with his new MacBook Pro as he started his freshman year at UPenn. The device is working perfectly for file sharing using thumb drives with his fellow business students and presentations in class at Wharton. Device quality is good, all ports work well and the finish matches his computer. Would definitely buy again.
Convenient	As you can see I use all the USB ports to charge my devices without the 7-in-1 USB C Hub I would have to spend time connecting and reconnecting all my devices. The “HUB” is streamlined , fits in a small space, allows multiple activities to be happening at the same time and saves time. I love my “7-in-1 USB C HUB”
A simple way to turn a laptop into a full desktop setup	My desktop motherboard had failed when i was working on a project and i needed to be able to have multiple screens and use my peripherals while it was being repaired. I ordered this for my laptop because it not only has additional USB ports but the HDMI on the end which allowed me to extend to a secondary display. It ran completely off the power of my laptops C-Port and even though i loaded it up with several additional devices and a secondary screen it never missed a step. Very simple to use, has a sleek look, and gets the job done. Definitely worth the purchase.
Love It!	For whatever reason, the new MacBooks do not have USB ports and the like. This product is a life saver for those of us who need these features. Also, it is tiny and does not clutter my desk.
Works perfectly	I have now used this for 4 months and am very satisfied with the product. Low profile sits on my desktop adding flexibility to port expansion, plus an at reach sd card slot for my image transfers. I did also purchase an extender so I could place it on my desktop since my computer is on the floor and to the side of my desk. Would purchase again.
Great all inclusive Multiport Adapter	I love this product. This is exactly what I was looking for and it is a quality material.
Wont work with only Samsung note 9	I bought it so I can connect to my samsung note 9 and transfer files straight from my phone to a micro sd card or viseversa but the phone does not have what ever it is that the phones haves to have built in to it so it does not work if you plug in to a laptop yeah now you can plug in your phone and a micro sd card but just the phone and the sd card connected it wont work and that's the only reason I bought this for usb c type but besides that great product have plenty of diffrent uses for and feels nice and expensive and it's small and slim and compact so I'll just keep it and use it with my alot top
compact solid attachment	Good
This is amazing for MacBook Pro !!	I bought this for my MacBook Pro (15" 2019), I need a card reader for my photography class.  This is easy to transport and downloads quickly.  For the price, it is amazing.  I would recommend to anyone.
Great Product!	Very useful and practical for travel or for home use to connect variety of devices to your IPAD or Surface tablet!
Perfect for MacBook pro multitasking	Terrible buy!! Not iPad/ iPhone compatible
Great quality!!	Stylish color and the quality makes it enjoyable. It has many USB ports, which is really good, and other useful ports too.  Small and light enough to carry with you every day.
How does it work?	Needed this to plug into my husbands new computer that only has USB C ports. It works wonderfully and was much cheaper than any other product we found.
A++	Seems great.  I’m writing my review the first day I’ve have it.It’s made of good materials and I tested it. No video degradation and works like it should.
Works great and easy to use	After receiving the product I was able to connect it to my macbook pro and everything works fine. This made all my cables work again. Thank you!
Works as advertised	I used this product on my MacBook Pro that doesn't have a USB port or HDMI. I loved this product!
Awesome adapter...	The product works with new MacBook Pro I have purchased in July. It looks great. Color and finish matches with Macbook. Overall, great product.
Works as expected	I had originally purchased a different adapter, but it did not fit with my case. This works as described with no complications. Would recommend.
Would buy again!	Convenient and had all the necessary connections. Would buy one again if needed.
Great material, super convenient for using	This is really easy to use and is great for streamlining multiple device/storage options.
works perfectly	The metal case is well designed with good thermal dissipation.  I use this for my iPad pro to read SD cards, it works very well.
Bang for buck	This product does what it's supposed to do and I have recommended to others.
Good product	Exactly as billed.
Good for Surface Go	Well made product, matches my Macbook Pro color perfectly. All ports work well, cords are great and the adapter is fairly light weight.
7 different ports, sturdy built	This thing is awesome. Works great for school. It's a one-plug stop for pretty much any connects I need for presentations and classes. 100% recommend and would buy again.
Just as promised	calidad del material muy bueno
Good product	The USB C hub works great with all my devices, my usb mouse, headset, and I use it as my card reader for my SD card. I use it with my personal macbook but also my work HP laptop. Works well with both, it's light and durable.
Better Than Paying $90 For A Dongle!	Perfect for my Apple Airbook, it works like a charm!!
great quality	Works great
As described, good quality	works great, feels sturdy.used with my 2018 macbookpro for mouse, keyboard, hdmi monitor, and webcam
Great product	Does everything as advertised. Perfect for travel!
All in one	Funciona muy bien
Fast delivery / High quality	This device works perfect on my new Apple MacBook Air.  I was frustrated at first when I found out that the new  MacBook only had USB C ports. This solved my problem! This multi-port adapter has every port I need!
This is the perfect adapter for any MacBook user.	I have gone through a few of these off-brand hubs that have gone bad. So far I have been using this one daily for several months without a problem. It seems well built and durable. I wish it had a usb-c connector for power but other than that it's a great device that meets my needs.
Love It!	I needed this device only to connect my mac to bigger screen. But this also have the functionality to screen splitting which made me really happy. Also all the ports are working as expected.
Solid and works well.	Delivery was fast! This adapter has just the right ports for my needs, USB, SD and HDMI. A perfect portable docking station for my laptop.
Great all in one device.	Small. Portable. Many adapter options all in one.
Small, practical, and convenient	Great product very useful
Very solid build and portable for the price.	I ordered this product only because I have the Macbook Pro 2019 and it has no ports for UBS or HDMI. I recently started college and this is perfect. It's extremely light and not too big or too small. I also like how it has everything I need to continue doing my school work. It's affordable and I think it's worth it for the new Mac computers.
Works. Seems well built.	As soon as I received the product, I tried every slot to make sure it works. I waited to write the review to make sure everything works after a couple of weeks for traveling and usage and it holds up great!
Gadget saver	This has saved my life. When I changed to my new 2019 Mac Book Air I knew life would change from my typical USB life. This has made that transition easier. Solid build and fast working AMAZING
Good Product	First the color Space aluminum it's perfect for my macbook pro  15" touch bar, I have a clear hard case on it, and still i can attach my 7 in 1 adapter with no problem. It feels well made, and the cable is very strong . excellent purchase.Cons: None
Works Great	Good device...properly priced....met my expectation.
Nice addition !	I love compact devices that are well made and perform flawlessly. This is one of them. Like having 3 USB ports + HDMI and others.
Wireless Mouse Freezes	Great product! Just bought a MacBook Air and I was shocked to see that there wasn’t a USB port and saw this cool gadget and had to buy ASAP with all the great reviews. And it can a day earlier then expected. So far so great! And I just tested it out and it’s works like it’s supposed to! So worth the money and it’s a great price so don’t hesitate to push that add to cart button!
One stop shop	I love this little device! It enables me to connect my Macbook air to a USB cords and HDMI. I can now connect my computer to a monitor, to a television, and to a printer.
High Quality, Compact Package	Picked up this adapter for my work computer (Mac Book Pro) and love it.  The unit is sturdy, well built and light.  The transfer rates fro SD cards and USB is very fast.  Great purchase, worth it!
Great for every application	No Complains works super great. connects super quick all outputs work as they should. The wire is super durable I barely disconnected from my MacBook.
Great service	Very good material and it is very functional
easy to use	Device works as expected.  I can use my Note 8 like a pc with a keyboard and mouse with HDMI to TV.  It also will be useful with my Surface tablet.
Plug and play! No issues!	Great product! And works perfectly!!
Awesome product	thought this would be much bigger. Happy it was not! Fit into my go bag nicely!
Love it	Very solidly made. Like the 5 different ports. The USB C plug a great way to expand the ports on my laptop. Works very well.
Great Stocking Stuffer!! Must Have Gadget for Mac with USB-C port!!	I would not recommend this product.  It never worked, but I didn't know that until I had to give a presentation at work and the HDMI port wouldn't work for my computer, but it worked for everyone else's.  Because I didn't realize that the port was defective, I wasted time and money buying equipment I didn't need (external hard drive, new cords, memory cards, etc) because I thought they had the problem, not the adapter (since it was brand new).  Trying to get a refund through Amazon is a hassle, and now I'm trying to decide which product to buy, since I still need an adapter.  I will likely go through apple, since Amazon is becoming untrustworthy to provide quality products, and reviews aren't accurate.  Hope this helps.
5 Star product	It did the job, utilizing an apple computer.
Works Well	Got it for my new mac book pro and it works like a charm. Quite sleek and matches my mac book pro color.
Useful	Very compact convenient USB hub.Arrives fast and work fine so far.
Great product	I bought this after having a different hub keep failing on me. Ive been really happy with this and will buy more for my other computers. Recommend this product to anyone who has usb-c ports.
A must-have adapter for Macbook	Bought it to hook up my MacBook to external monitor. This thing has flakiness issues. Several times external monitor is not recognized. USB ports don’t work with Logitech universal Bluetooth controller.
Good Product	Very compact and portable,everything works perfect. Also it is fast as compared to the last one that I used.
This is exactly what was advertised	This little device is easy to connect and use and does exactly what it is supposed to do.
great addition to my MacBook Pro	Great for traveling and very durable. Easy to use and reliable for long days of use. Highly recommend for any user requiring a usb c dongle, especially for the price.
Love it!	The slim profile works great for travel. Everything works as intended. No issues whatsoever with this adapter.
Good product	I would recommend this product for anyone who needs to add USB, HDMI, and SD Card Adapters for their computer. This adapter is small and light weight travels well.
One stop shop	Works really well, if you use everything all at once (3 USB and HDMI) your computer may get a little hot from how hard its working. Does as it says. Cable that attaches to the computer is really strong, hard to move, probably best to not bend it too much.
Bang for buck	Product as described, quality better than expected for the price point.  Ordered two of them and both work as intended.
Good Product	This is a great product for expanding the connectivity of a MacBook Pro.
Very Useful Device	First of all, the build quality of this adaptor is excellent. It feels sturdy in your hand and premium, matching my space grey MacBook Pro.I needed something to take with me everywhere and its stored easily enough in my laptop carrying case, so I can access it at any moment.After several months of use, it hasn't presented any problems at all. Always detects any usb I plug in or HDMI cable when I want to hook up my computer to my TV. Perfect for what its intended and great value compared to other adapters and brands out there.Since I use a protective case for my MacBook, this is perfect because there is no problem for plugging it in with the case on.
Very good quality, works perfectly	I’m so happy I found this product on Amazon.  I recently purchased a MacBook and I needed more USB ports. I must admit I was a little skeptical but I’ve had it for about 2 months and it’s great! I literally have no complaints!
Nice design!	Great adaptation for USB and SD card for my retina macbook air.
As described - very useful	Size and weight is perfect for traveling, I am using it for my Macbook and keeping it in backpack all the time. HDMI is supporting 4K display quality. Few USB ports are very useful when charing devices like wireless headphone and phones. Great product i will recommend for sure.
A simple way to turn a laptop into a full desktop setup	In its item description, it mentions 7 in 1 hub, but it actually is a 6 in 1 hub.This hub has 3 x USB3.0, 2 x SD card, and a HDMI slot. That's 6 ports. all into ONE USB-C. Thus, 6 in 1. If you want to connect USB-C charge cable to this hub, you can't do that. It means you will need at least two USB-C ports on your computer if you want to use this hub and charge your device at the same time.Item description is miss leading. I just got this item and I'm a little upset because even the description indicates it has a 7th usb c charging port. I found other devices at $18 with the actual u ports like it states in the description, slightly cheaper than this and supports what I need.😞
Great product!	Really great device for the price, I like it better than the ones that fit flush to the side of the MacBook as I’ve had a lot of those break for one reason or another. This has read all SD cards I’ve thrown at it and it can run my VR unit off this one device (requires hdmi and usb plugs).
Convenient all-in-one Hub!	Everything about this product is great! I love how conveniently sized it is, it has plenty of slots, and the color matches my MacBook very well!
It works fine for the money	Product arrived promptly and was exactly what I needed to get the job done
Great USB-C Hub	Good, portable adapter. Feels like it is quality material, and the ports work without problems. Of course, I have to take a rain check after a few months use to see if any problems come up, and if the durability of the product is as good as its design.
Exactly what I needed all-in-one	Purchased this due to limited number of usb ports on new Macbook Pro.  This was very helpful to connect additional peripherals.
Chromebook	Works great for Google book go.
IPad pro bff	I am very pleased with this purchase. I thought the quality was very good and it's really not expensive for the amount of ports it adds to my MacBook Air. I would 100% recommend this product for those that are looking for something portable, that you can take with you anywhere, and that allows for all of the typical laptop ports to exist in a MacBook.
Highly recommend	Best price for a expensive product
Very well constructed and dependable.	I have two of these adapters and they work as expected.  It is lightweight and convenient for easily setting up a desktop setup with external monitor, keyboard, and mouse.  Compared to a full port replicator/docking station this is an inexpensive option and performs as expected for what it is. One downside is the Logitech wireless mouse is  laggy if plugged into the adapter.  I don’t blame this on the adapter as that is a problem with most USB hubs.
A great recommend !	The hub is awesome. works great with my MacBook Air and thoroughly satisfied.
a very necessary product	great product, even better than i expected. All 3 usbs work great with only one usb c needed.
Slim and sturdy	Great buy
DURABLE	This is an amazing quality hub for the price it comes for. The wire is thick to prevent chances of tear and it comes in a nice space gray color and is very durable. Had no problems thus far with the product and is able to effortlessly run 3 USB ports & HDMI all at once.
This  USB hub is great!	The adapter was exactly what I needed for a much lower price than most of the other multiport adapters available. I was able to connect a mouse and an extra monitor with no problems. I do wish that the adapter included a USB-C port to make up for the one it uses when connected.
Work perfectly	Title says it all
Great addition to IPad Pro	This adapter works as intended and has nice build quality, but is largely unusable for me because of the high-pitched whine it emits when I have HDMI and USB 3.0 ports in use.
It works	Finally bit the bullet on one of these adapters, this one is great, same color as my MacBook Pro and quality of the videos and pictures is well maintained when using HDMI. Good product!
Just as promised	Some of the ports are glitchy
Does exactly what it is supposed to do	Like I stated in the title of the review, I have a great experience with this. It is easy to use, portable, and all for a fairly cheap price. I bought this for my Macbook Pro 2019, which only has 4 C-ports. I like this design compared to the ones that plug in directly to the side of the laptop, as I have a case and that would not work. Also, some inputs are bulky, which could be a problem if my multiport sat right next to the laptop.I also am in ROTC, so I do quite a bit of tech work. This requires having a USB 3.0 and HDMI at all times, as well as some of the other things (which just help). I think I will find the Micro SD and SD card slot useful if I ever decide to purchase a camera to edit pictures on. Lastly, I love the silver design! It is great to feel and has a smooth finish.
Add Plug and Play Functionality to Your iPad Pro	This product was surprisingly higher quality than I expected. It has a space grey aluminum body with a short rubber cable. I have been using this product for about two weeks and everything is working perfectly fine. Although when I plug things in like my phone there is a bit of lag between the time of insertion to recognition on my computer. At first I thought it was broken, but I just needed to wait a couple of seconds first before my phone starts to charge and be recognized by my computer. I use a 2017 MacBook so I only I have usb type C port on my computer and this product makes things helpful. Although I wish there was a usb type C on the Hub because I would have liked to charge while having accessories plugged into my computer. My computer's battery is fine so it's not much of a concern for myself, but if I had a different computer with a smaller battery or the consumption is greater I probably wouldn't recommend if you only have one port. If you have a Macbook or Macbook Air or any other laptop I would recommend this Hub to use. I also tested this on my Lenovo Spectre and it has no problems here as well. I have not use this on products like tablets with a USB type C port, so I don't know how the functionality would work and can not give an honest review about it. All in all, a quality product that is both function and portable.
Great Customer Service	This is pretty lightweight, I’d prefer something that feels a little more sturdy, but it works good all the same. I had my headphones, a micro SD card, SD card, external hard drive, and power supply plugged into this thing and it didn’t lag a bit. I love that I can leave this plugged into my computer and allow the device itself to take the wear and tear, saving my laptop. This is a fantastic little invention, I needed it more than I knew.
Does what it should	Served its puposes
USB C Hub Multiport Adapter - 7 in 1 Portable Space Aluminum Dongle	It works perfect for what I need it for: USB, SD & Micro SD card slot, and HDMI. I would recommend it.
Gadget saver	Bought a new MacBook Air and needed a way to convert all of our old USB devices to USB-C.  This fit the bill at a reasonable cost and with the right functionality.
Love it!	Purchased a Microsoft Surface GO and the only port is an USB-C connection.  This adapter does the trick, it gives one all the connections you could ask for.  The USB connection worked great for a wireless keyboard/mouse combo.  I would highly recommend this adapter.
Why i like this product?	The product stopped working in a few days. Bad quality.
Convenient	I am giving a 2 star rating because:  Con -  I am not able to use this hub until I get an adapter for my Surface Pro.Pro - The product itself is lightweight, small, easily transportable, has amalgamate ports, and having features of “transfer & charge”.  I will update review when I can fully utilize the hub.
Works. Seems well built.	This adapter is very sturdy and well-made. I'm using it with my MacBook Pro and it doesn't get as hot as other adapters I have used. Although my computer itself does get quite hot when using the HMDI plug, but I think that is just a MacBook problem in general. One thing I would like is the addition of an extra USB-C port for charging.
Just what my laptop needed	Personally I don’t use it much . But so far so good! It transfer files pretty quick and other task are done pretty quick
Good Adapter	This works well for basic uses, when I had my phone plugged in it would charge at a very slow rate but overall it does the basic jobs needed, the HDMI port works for playing movies, etc.
Great expansion options for your USB C device	So far, the product works great. It is nice to have 3 USB ports AND an HDMI port. This was one of the cheapest options that I could find for what I needed and I am not disappointed in what I got. Thank you for the great product!
Gets it done	This is a great and inexpensive product to use for laptops that don't have USB ports like a MacBook. It works well and I haven't had any issues with it!
Great quality and value.	Just bought a newer MacBook Pro with “slimline ports”, just two C ports. Allows for rapid charging a plus. This work perfectly and is easy to carry. Color goes well with the Mac. Highly recommend it.
Did the job without fuss	works great perfect for what i needed
High speed, powered by usb port, and works FINE with 500GB ssd's!	Product is small and feels nice but it doens't work at all. I got it brand new, plug it in, my screen blinked several times, but nothing worked. USB< HDMI, nothing. The little LED kept blinking sporadically but nothing I connected worked.The name of this product is FlePow, it should be renamed to FlipOut, because it could make it angry and flip out!!Not recommended unless you like to gamble.
Plug and play! No issues!	Prefect for two monitors dual screens for my PC. Lightweight and easy to use.
Feels like quality	The Adapter works great and has all the functions I need. It came fast and was exactly as advertised.
Fit perfectly into my MacPro	Worth the money! Excellent Product
TRASH STAY AWAY	This USB C hub was the third I've purchased. The reason being the other two, both of similar price point, were duds that crapped out after a couple weeks/months. This one has proven more reliable and of far better quality and I don't expect to be purchasing another for a long time.
Nice product	Excelent materials and quality. I believe is the best bang for your buck.
Simply all you need	This is a solid, affordable product that does exactly what it promises to. I’ve been using it with an iPad Pro and I’m very happy with it.
Easy to use.	I had another product similar to this, but it was like carrying around a brick. This is so much more slender and still has everything I need; most importantly the SD card reader!So happy with this product.
Reliable product	Worked perfectly to connect my Macbook Pro to a large PC screen. Highly recommend!
Overall good buy	Got it for my Tab S6 works great
USB C Hub Multiport Adapter use	Great product. It is small and compact so very easy to store. Made of great quality materials. Would recommend to anyone looking for a more price friendly alternative to the Apple HUb.
Works like a charm	Great build quality and perfect size
Versatile	It worksfor what I need
Great addition to IPad Pro	I love this product because I use it all the time. The fact that it has an HDMI input and an SD card input aswell as more than enough USB inputs makes it useful across many different devices of mine. Especially my mac book! This is much more worth it than three expensive apple adapters.
Very Useful	Got the hub for my new MacBook Air and it was perfect for it. Very sturdy feeling product. It was nice that it had more USB ports than other's that I've seen. This was the best solution until everything is USB-C capable.
It has all the connections I was looking for	Bought a new Dell XPS 13 - lightweight and portability were key factors however it only has USB C ports.  This is a compact and solidly made hub that provides three standard USB 3.0 ports and HDMI connectivity.  It also has SD/Micro SD card slots - I haven't used those. Happy with purchase!
Compact & durable	This is exactly what I needed. Versatile, affordable and well made. The quality was perfect. Necessary if you have multiple devices with various port needs.
Small Portable USB Adapter	Purchased this adapter for my new laptop.  Works perfectly.  Great size too.
Works great.	I had another type of adapter but I couldn't charge my mac and use the adapter at the same time. with this I can do both because of the cable.I wish it had a usb type C port as well but its still great product for the price.
Very useful product reasonably priced	it's cheap and the quality feels premium. very useful, must have for any macbooks.
Exactly what I was looking for!	Compact and lightweight, worked fine.  However, the USB ports are very close together.  Depending on what peripherals you are plugging in, they can be too close to accommodate them.  Works fine if you are plugging in standard cables to the outlets.  In my case, I have an aircard and a CAC reader.  Both cannot be plugged into this hub at the same time as they are too wide.
Great way to expand your MacBook's Thunderbolt ports.	I have used this only a few times.  I used it to transfer my pictures off of my phone.  That worked great.  The second time, I was attempting to connect my laptop to tv with HDMI cable.  (as I have done with previous MacBooks) Unfortunately there was only sound, but no picture could be seen.
Great product!	NEFASTO, PÉSIMO PRODUCTO. SOLO FUNCIONA EL PUERTO HDMI Y LECTOR DE SD
Supreme Build Quality	Works great and in addition to serving as an adaptor for this port, it enables me to use two HD's and transfer files from one to the other without having to bog down the PC space. Works great, lots of port types. Never traveling without it!
Works great!	Worth the price with very good quality
All in one	Pros: I chose this one for it's SD card reader and HDMI, and they work fine together!Cons: It'll be great if have one extra type-c port.
Worth the money!	Works great! It is easy to use and very versatile.  I like that it has multiple ports. No complaints.
Better Than Paying $90 For A Dongle!	I have been using this on my Macbook air as a mini docking station.  One USB-C into the laptop and I have the ability to show it on my larger monitor w/ wired keyboard and mouse. Overall very happy with it and considerably cheaper than the official $70 apple version that has less ports.
I love it!	Absolute necessity for iPad Pro users, easy to use and fully capable of travel.
Convenient hub	The only thing not to like is that I had to buy an adapter to begin with, which of course has to do with Apple's strategy of forcing accessory purchases on their customers. Anyway, this has 3 USB ports, an HDMI port, SD and TF card slots. I've only used the USB ports so far, but they work without issue. This product was also much less expensive than some of the other options and the color is a good match to Apple's "Space Gray" color. It also has a little led which shows that it's plugged in, which isn't so bright as to be annoying. I've had no issues with this item and would recommend it to others.
Good, affordable USB C Multiport Adapter	I purchased this product in October 2019 in order to upload documents from my USB to my ipad pro 11 inch. It works perfectly without any delay. The ipad recognizes the device and I have no problems uploading documents and powerpoint presentations. It's portable and light so I can place it in my ipad carrying case and use it wherever I go. Highly recommend it!
Well designed!	A very compact well designed USB C Hub with multiple ports. Snaps in securely to our MacBook Pro computer. Very pleased.
Great value.	Good product. Does what you needs to do
Convenient hub	the other usb-c hub i ordered about a year ago from a different company was awful. i couldnt connnect my external monitor to the hdmi port unless i unplugged everything and plugged in hdmi first. it was also very cheap feeling. my first thoughts on this one were that it was super sturdy and i was able to plug in whatever right from the beginning. these little hubs are not cheap and you will use them forever. this one even comes with a one year warranty which they didnt have to do but i really appreciate. i would buy another if it turns out i need another.... which i most likely will at some point. solid product all the way around thus far. will update if things turn :)
Very Versatile	Got this for a new macbook, and for the money I can't complain. Three USB A ports and an HDMI is definitely welcome, and the card readers are lifesavers. The USB ports are all USB 3.0 (and not 3.1), so have speed expectations in check.Build-wise the case could be a bit more sturdy, as it rattles a little when you knock on it. Another USB C port would also be welcome.
Functional	This USB hub expands the number of slots for my Mac Book Pro from one to 6. It is thinner than most and has a sleek silver design. It fits great in my computer sleeve. It has 3 USB 3.0 slots, 1 HDMI, 1 SD card slot and 1 micro SD slot. The description states it is a 7 in one USB and I think they count the USB C end that plugs into my computer as the 7th part. I haven't used all slots at the same time but I have used them all separately and they work just fine.
A simple way to turn a laptop into a full desktop setup	It paired with my galaxy.Aside from that-----after about 3 uses of connecting it to the TV,  I get a grey screen on my phone. When I plug things to the usb ports,  they don't work and the light on the port turns off as if shutting off.
Durable HUB that stays cool and quiet if you unplug and have correct orientation	I just got a new (November 2019) MacBook Pro which only has the USB Type C plugs and got this to help me make the transition. It's small, lightweight and has all the ports I need. I've used it to transfer old files from external drives and to test a keyboard and external drive—it's done everything without any issues, it feels like this is just part of my computer. The best part is that it's small enough to fit in my laptop's carry case. I'm a real person writing this and I don't often rite product reviews.
Plug and Play	I love the multi functionality of this. makes things a lot easier for my new mac.
Perfect	Great size, weight, and does exactly what you need  :)
it's convenience to carry around!!!!!	I like this one.This hub is well working. But little bit heat.Still, I'm satisfied.
Great product	Love it. It's portable and extends a lot of functionality. One improvement is to get rid of the card reader slots, but adding more usb ports.
Reliable and effective	Bdbdb
Works well, but USB response jittery when using in combination with HDMI	Small & good quality
Perfect to travel with	Looks great
Versatile	This product is versatile, useful, and compact. Perfect for the newer generation of laptops.
Works as intended for a great price!	I’ve had this product for a few months. It works as intended and was much more cost effective than buying from Apple directly. I will update the review if anything should change in its performance.
Necessity for Apple Laptops	I love it! I can watch what i have on my computer on my tv. Great size as well!
Great adapter!	Great Product! Worked well with my new mac and arrived on time.
Works Well	I ordered the product on Sunday and it arrived on Tuesday. So far it has been great. I got a new Mac and my wireless mouse has a regular USB piece so I needed the hub for that reason. I am not a fan of touchpads! Anyways it seems to work great! I haven't tried the other ports but I have no fear that there will be any problems.
Very Useful	I got this for my daughter's Samsung book 2 and it works great.
high quality product.	Works well
Works well	My new MacBook Air has 2 USB-C ports and no USB-2 or 3 ports.  This adds 3 USB 3.0 ports, in addition to an HDMI port, an SD card slot and a Micro SD card slot.  Perfect addition to the laptop.  Works great.
Very functional - great design, super lightweight- works great!	I use this to stretch my external monitor and keyboard/mouse to my laptop, works great. I can unplug the USB C and switch between personal and work computers easily.
This is exactly what was advertised	This works perfectly, and it's so nice to have multiple USB ports! The HDMI connection is great, too. All of that, and it's so much more affordable that the Apple dongles with just one USB.
Thumbs Up!	Awfully Pleased. Immediate connectivity, convenient size and very light.
The Item as described	Incredible piece with a fair price. Love it!!
Very solid build and portable for the price.	I just put this together and it works perfect to connect my smart tv to my laptop.
Awesome!	What I really liked is the sleekness and the sturdy nature of the adaptor
Has everything you need	Great product! Bought this for my iPad Pro. Looked at other big retailers and found name brand products for 80-100$. This adapter has the same functions, works perfect, and cost 80% less. No brainer.
Good adapter	Item did not work in my Macbook Pro 2018 . The mouse cursor was sometimes slow or bouncing off the screen . The keyboard response was slow. The replacement of this item could not processed.
Great for adding a second external HDMI monitor and more USB ports to a laptop	Small, does not take up a ton of space. very useful. i currently work from home every day. My laptop has only one HDMI, two USB and one USB C port. this has enabled me to add a second external HDMI monitor, USB Headphones and a second PIV card reader.
The best mini hub for traveling	Very happy with product. Bought it for my nephew. He is very happy.
The perfect buy	Great Product and great build quality
Awesome, works great!	The device works as it should. My issue is the cord is way too long. I have cords plugged into a hub with a long cord plugged into my computer. It's too messy, and to be honest it's annoying. The hub ports are on the wrong side in comparison to the logo, so it lays on it's "top" so my devices are plugged in toward the back of my laptop, rather than down toward the keyboard. All in all, the job gets done. It is not clean, compact, or organized like a hub should be.
This is the one to get	I needed an HDMI port to present using my Surface Book 2. This adapter worked perfectly! Nice metal design, secure connectors, and the extra USB ports was a nice bonus.
IPad pro bff	sometime hub does not read port with out wiggling connection
Works great.	I use this everyday for my Pixelbook- it connects my mouse. It's been functioning well for the last few months I've used it. The cord that connects it to the laptop is a little too long, but thats a small thing. 9.9/10 Would recommend to a friend
Great Stocking Stuffer!! Must Have Gadget for Mac with USB-C port!!	After purchasing an (expensive) MacBook Pro required for school, I was disheartened to find that there are no ports on the computer aside from two USB-C ports and a headphone jack. The idea of having to purchase a converter for such an expensive computer made my stomach turn, however I am very satisfied with this converter! The metal finish looks very high quality and it matches my Space Grey MacBook! It fits easily in my book bag to carry to class with me. I've had no issues with any files or speed to transfer files. 10/10! No photo of the product needed- it looks just as it does in the picture.
Finally a USBc hub that works with the iPad Pro.	This product does its job well; my only complaint is very minor: when I close my Macbook, a little blue light on the adapter stays on1. I just unplug it from my computer then so it doesn't bother me.
Great product	This adapter is super convenient and works exactly as described. I have a docking station so I just plug the usb cable from my docking station right into the adapter so that I’m able to extend my MacBook screens.
Good Product	I have enjoyed this product since I opened it. Have yet to test in multiple scenarios.
Chromebook	This adapter comes with just the right number of ports needed and is simple and compact, making it easy to pack and travel with. Additionally, the micro SD card slot is a nice added feature!
Many IO options	Best USB-C in the Market. It helped me complete day to day tasks with legacy hardware. Saved me ton of money on buying new USB-C hardware. Unbeatable quality for the price. Highly recommend it to anyone looking for a USB-c hub
As advertised!	Durable material, lightweight, and small enough for traveling.  Only downside is that it gets hot after awhile.  Overall very good product.
Great way to expand your MacBook's Thunderbolt ports.	I purchased the space grey color which matches my space grey MacBook perfectly! The item worked for exactly what I needed, giving me more options to plug in other things to my laptop. It is easy to use and lightweight for travel. The only issue that I had, was that I could not plug in my computer charger while I was using this for my MacBook. That was the biggest issues for me and the reason I am Giving four stars instead of five. Durability has not been an issue. Overall, I would recommend this to others, however; just remember if you have a MacBook that only has one port, you cannot put your charger in this hub.
Works better than my other purchase that cost substantially more...	Don't keep scrolling looking for a piece to context your MacBook Pro to USB! This product has done me very well through the many uses of streaming video and presentations. I would recommend this to anyone. I am about to by another for my Fiancé!
Great product!	For the price the material is great and works fantastic
Multiport Multimedia	This unit was bought for our new MacBook and works great. Easy to connect and works as expected.
Easy to use!!!	Love the product!!!  Everything you need is on one stick.  I can connect anything to my Mac.  I was a PC user for 27 years and decided to change to z Mac and am very happy.  Your adapter makes it perfect!!!
Durable HUB that stays cool and quiet if you unplug and have correct orientation	This is one great help to this old 92 year old! Purchased a new Mac and had some photos on an old Mac Pro ( 2005 model). With the help of this little Gem I was able to finally get those photos saved onto my new computer.
Works GREAT!	Great adapter. It has lots of ports and looks very nice on the desk. This one just doesn’t have an added USB-C port, but luckily I have another one on my laptop and I think they sell other ones that do.
Good product, but...	The adapter passes power through so you can charge other devices such as your phone.  Love having the USB ports along with HDMI & SD card reader.  Would definitely buy again.
Longevity of item very very short	I brought this hub for my MacBook Pro 16in because I am digital media major and needed all the ports this hub had. Unfortunately the hub doesn’t work very well anymore and I’ve only have this item for a little over 4 months. This really sucks right now because now I have to buy another one.
Very very happy	It is a good deal with useful product!
Does a good job	Works great, and product matches my space gray mac book perfectly.
Great Product! Very Compatible and reliable	I bought this to use with my Ipad pro with the USB-C port.I wanted to use it for easy plug and play , streaming to TV and download photos from SD card.This works brilliantly.I have used it with Iphone, SD card and connected to TV at same time without any issue.I will be using next with a keyboard for typing on the Ipad pro.Very useful and highly recommended.
high quality product.	I bought this adapter to add a wireless keyboard to my MacBook Air and it really works great. I also added a wireless mouse because it has two USB ports.
Works as intended for a great price!	I like this USB adapter.  Connection and shape are good
Great value.	Great value, high quality. Works great.
Great product	Not very good, the connection is very slow
FlePow USB 3.1 Type C Docking Portable, light weight and great price	I love this. It opens up multiple ports for use all across one USB C port. Great for photographers that need those extra ports. I can use all USB ports and my SD card ports at once. Super helpful and color match is spot on. I had the dock that connected directly to the 2 USB C ports, but I have a hard case on my MacBook, so that didn’t work. This gives more room to use if you keep your MacBook in a case. Love it!
High Quality for a great price.	Not to bad of a product. Very durable and useful.Only thing I wish it had two HDMI ports.
Good product, but...	This is my best hub. The makers are probably already working on the next generation so here is my suggestion. A big hub like this needs two charging ports and a built in chip to keep them from overcharging anything. The reason is that a phone, a mouse, a keyboard and an external hard drive quickly drain the battery of the phone. That situation must be remedied in the next generation of hubs.
Great all in one device.	Easy to use and good HDMI connectivity. Good overall use.
Connecting the old with the new made easy	I wanted to use this USB-C hub with my 2016 MBP, specifically to have USB-B ports for external devices since this MacBook has none. When I plug my wireless mouse's USB adaptor into this hub there are many issues. Latency, pointer disappears, slow tracking, etc. I also plug a USB adaptor for a wireless keyboard and it works better (still not great-- more lag). Wish I would have known this before dropping $30.
Works as described	The product was in good condition and full-filled all of my needs.
Great	Excellent USB C Hub great price a s works well. Thanks
Everything I need and more	Works great so far for what I need. Wish it had a USB-C portal or also.
Just what my laptop needed	I use this every day with my macbook. It's lightweight, looks good, has all the ports I need, and works great. Recommended
Worth it's price	Great product, works as expected. Not sure about the cable though. Hope it lasts.
Compact & durable	Great product at a great price.
I love it	Seems to be well well made and rugged.  I have had no issues and it works on both Windows an MAC hardware.
Fantastic value and great performance	So I bought this for my MacBook cause I didn't want to spend the money for the apple equivalent and this is just as good and better cause has more ports and applications. I am very happy with my purchase and any friends that ask me about it I always tell them
7 different ports, sturdy built	it's work great
Add Plug and Play Functionality to Your iPad Pro	There aren't a lot of options on this USB-Hub, but there's triple the USB ports. They all worked really well. I used the microSD and SD card slots more since I transfer pictures and files a lot. They both worked nicely. The USB-Hub fit perfectly into the box without being able to damage the Hub when taking it out. I've seen those that fit too tightly and it made me not want to put it back ever again. I also had to rip the box to get it out. I like that I didn't have to download an app in order to use it, which has happened to me before. There's 1 HDMI port, but I didn't really have a use for it as of now. I used 2 USB ports though. 1 for my mouse and the other for my keyboard. I couldn't think of anything else for the 3rd USB port since I don't use thumb drives anymore. The double screening is overkill for me... Mainly because I don't have another screen. Because using this hub was so easy, I didn't have to use the manual. I only skimmed through it to see if I'm missing anything or don't know something after I tested the hub on my own. I didn't feel it get hot fast either. I think because of the aluminum and it depends on what is being used. There wasn't a cheap feel to it, but a great quality one. This hub is small, so I was able to take it on trips with me. And! I was able to keep it in the box to protect it too. The box isn't that big of a difference to the hub, so yay! Take this hub on your next trip. It'll be worth it with all those ports and slots. ;)
convenient	I was pleased this product. It is just as advertised! Thank you.
Gadget saver	I bought this for my son who is in college. He has an Apple Macbook Air and it is compatible. He uses it to print most of the time and it works great
Happy	The Fit and finish is great, the face that I can have 3 USB ports, a SD card, a mini SD, and HDMI out taking only one of my USB-C ports up is great. Works great so far!
Great Product	I used this for photo import from my SD card. Works great!
Works perfectly	Pretty simple, needed and affordable accessory for newer laptops.  Provides a memory card reader, HDMI port and 3 USB "traditional" ports over one USB C port.  It is missing an Ethernet port, but otherwise that's what I really need without using up two valuable USB C ports.  This is a great transition hub as I guess manufacturers slowly move from the traditional USB port to USB C.
Great Product	Works well, opens up space on my imas
Very functional - great design, super lightweight- works great!	Everything works great. Also able to bus power from an Android USB c phone port and view files from USB key. Awesome. So far I've run up to three midi devices from the USB A ports at once while producing music and it hasn't shown any issues powering or conveying info.
Add Plug and Play Functionality to Your iPad Pro	 Useful, compact dongle. I was using this with my iPad Pro with the USB-C port. Simple connection via HDMI to a monitor to stream from the iPad without an Apple TV device. Easy plug and play functionality with a Logitech keyboard to allow for typing on the iPad. And last but not least plug in a USB drive, SD, or Micro SD to view, upload or download photos. Overall, useful when you need to do a little more with your iPad than usual or when you're in a fix and need a quick alternative to get things done.
Great	The modern Apple with one port is somewhat infuriating.  This takes care of the issue.  Anything I connected to it worked fine, so it does what it's supposed to.
Very useful	My new computer came with only 1 usb port and 3 usb-c ports. This USB-c multi port adapter makes things much simpler. It gives me 3 USB ports, an HDMI, 2 SD card slots. It is fast working and doesn't take up much space.
Work perfectly	After I bought it, I realized it didn't have a power-in.Otherwise it works well and didn't cost too much.
Love it so far!	Really great product to connect a 2019 Macbook Air laptop that my wife uses for work to an HP monitor. Would definitely buy another set in the future if I need it.
Good purchase	A product to behold. Very good and precise.
highly recommend!!	The hub feels really sturdy and works great so far. Not as bulky as other hubs I've had in the past and its extremely convenient to have direct hdmi out built right in. It gets the job done of having a whole bunch of different adapters, which is what I dealt with in the past. Here's hoping the quality is as sturdy as it feels and lasts as long as my laptop does.
Disappointed	It’s just not usable with MacBook Pro. I got this to use my wireless mouse with my new MBP, but it only works when the mouse is within 5 inches radius of the hub, and the connection was not stable. To be fair, it works fine on my windows laptop, but not for my two MBPs.I’d love to return it, but the return policy didn’t allow me to return nor replace it. Super disappointed.
Works	This adapter is just what I needed. Just something simple with USB, HTMI and SD card reader slots. Can't beat this for the price in my opinion.
Great product!	I’m using with my MacBook Pro and it works as advertised. High build quality and reasonable price
Great product for the value!	I needed a USB-C Hub for my Macbook Pro and after searching through several available products, this one had the best price to the number of ports ratio.It has the same aluminum casing as Macbook Pro, and so far all the ports all functioning.I wish it had Ethernet as well, but it is still very good for the price.
Fantastic value and great performance	For laptop owners, you couldn't ask for a better accessory - adds all the input/output ports you would ever need. Solid build and all the ports work flawlessly. Can be used to save data on the fly as well.
it's convenience to carry around!!!!!	I am happy for the fact that I can import all of my film footage and usb storage documents to my computer with this device.
Perfect for whatever you need an extension for	Product came as described. I have only been using it for a couple weeks and so far it has been great and convenient. Would totally recommend to friends. I also like how light the item is and portable.
Worth it's price	Excellent quality. Works as advertised!
The best mini hub for traveling	Product worked perfectly for me and i have not had any issues. Came just as advertised. would def recommend for the price!
Cell use	Works as-advertised and is a super efficient device for connecting multiple devices to your laptop!
Simple but effective!	It looks good. The quality of the material is nice.
Works great!	I'm used to an "N-in-1" device having N inputs and 1 output.  This one has six inputs and one output, so I guess that's seven, but I consider it a bit misleading.  More misleading, though, is the claim that "a USB - C power Delivery charging connector" is included.  Since there is no USB-C input, there is no way to use this with a Mac charger.
High Quality, Compact Package	Great product. Made of sturdy metal. Half the price of Best Buy and works great!!!
great addition to my MacBook Pro	It works good with a pc, but it cant transfer files or mirror from a Samsung device
Reliable and effective	Very slim and convenient to use.
Works great!	I really liked the compact size of the adapter and its very convenient to carry on flight.
Great Product!	Wasn’t what I needed I needed a lightning port didn’t read the description well enough returned it.  Good enough though as it is if that’s what you need.
Works perfectly	Bought this due to COVID-19 lockdown and the need to work from home.Works well with my Dell Latitude 7490. The only quirk is, it doesn't play nice with my Logitech mouse.It spastically skips around the desktop, so I ended up plugging the USB into my laptop.Other than that. My monitor via USB-C and wireless keyboard works well.
I love it!	This product gets 5 stars because it works flawlessly and is made of high quality materials! I am truly impressed with it and I highly recommend it!
Good product	I own a Samsung tab s6. I use it as a storage beast. I plug in my 5TB hardrive and move my video right to it to save space.
Works Well	This is a great hub that can be used with type C USB. It's sleek size makes it easy to use with a phone and tablet. Easy to insert thumb drives and SD cards. Make sure that you check compatible devices before purchasing.
good but not for connecting laptop to monitor	I use this when I travel for work and it hasn't failed me yet.  Easy to plug in and all the ports are easily accessible.
Awesome adapter...	Really quality feeling. I haven't gotten much use out of it yet, but it works great to hook up my PS3 controller to my MacBook Pro. I'm happy so far.
Extends your memory and ports!	I purchased the product about two month ago and it works great so far. Very convenient to use and I am satisfied with the purchase.
Great product at a great price.	This usb has good quality and Lightweight. It has all port you need in one hub. good price comparing to similar products.
En tiempo	Great build quality build
Great purchase	Works as described. The only issue I have is the SD reader is spotty if you’re using the adapter for a micro SD. The great thing is you don’t need it, because you can just instert the micro SD into the accessory.
Gets the job done	This is really good and easy to carry.
Very good quality, works perfectly	This product is budget friendly, consists of good quality, and is definitly worth it. This served all the purposes of a USB dongle for me. It suits the space gray color of my mac very well. And the cable and port quality is unbeatable for the price. Although , I havent tested this with a 4k display, on a 2k monitor- the resolution is very good
Exactly what I needed for my Mac	Its a pretty good adapter for a good price for 7 ports. The USB and SD card ports are very useful. Though the HDMI port says 4K, I don't feel like its 4K but its not too bad either. Overall its a good buy.
Worth every penny!	bought this to hook up a second monitor for new Macbook
Good product	Trash. Stopped working after a couple of days.
Great product.	My son love it.
Works great!	This little gadget was a must-have for me when I got my new macbook pro. With only having so many ports available and needing adapters to make it into USB or other plugs, it is a little frustrating as a computer owner who needs to access USB often. That's why I'm so thankful that this USB adapter has so many options. Unlike tiny single adapters, this is large enough that it won't get lost in my computer bag.
Functional	I gave this a 3 star rating overall due to this statement - "and a USB - C power Delivery charging connector". I'm not sure if the seller is saying that it's supposed to have a pass-through power USB-C port or if it merely connects to the USB-C power delivery connector on USB-C devices. Either way, it does not offer pass-through power which is a real downer for devices with only one USB-C port (such as my daughter's 12" MacBook). The ports it does have work really well.
Great purchase	This usb hub is made very well. The materials seem very durable and everything functions as it should. I’ve been using this with my MacBook Pro and have no complaints. Plug it in and it’s ready to go!
Good	I should have paid closer attention but this does not have a USB-C port for charging so if you only have only have one USB-C port like a phone this is basically useless. My bad for not reading closely but also why would you make some one without it?
Reliable and effective	Works like a charm!
Useful	Great product, what you expect it to be. Works well and isn't too bulky,
Disappointed	Unfortunately the HDMI flickers when connecting a USB-C MBP to a TV. Had to use an Anker adapter to prevent flickering. This is still good for USB and SD and such. Price is good for what you get, but unfortunately HDMI wasn't there.
Great!	Nice product!
Exactly what you want	Working great so far. Very portable and versatile.
Great Addition	Has worked well so far! Easy to plug into my Mac laptop to drop photos from my memory card. The HDMI port has been nice for connecting to the TV, too!
Exactly what I was looking for!	Works great, speedy interface makes transfers or accessing media quick! I purchased it so I could use my older media devices with my newer Macbook (which only has Thunderbolt/USB-C ports). Screen sharing works perfectly thru HDMI, USB drives work at top speed, SD and MiniSD cards transfer as fast as they are rated to with this adapter. It's light yet sturdy, nice brushed aluminum enclosure with an LED to let you know it's properly connected. I'm very pleased with it!
7 different ports, sturdy built	This is a really good USB C hub for my ipad. I am using it for the HDMI port as I can now easily do my presentations on the large screen just using the HDMI cable. Small, sturdy body so you can abuse it and it will still not break. Recommended!
Works great!	Edit: After my review of the issues I had with the product, the seller reached out to offer me a full refund for my trouble. I very much appreciate this kind of customer service and have changed my review to reflect that.I purchased this converter for use with my Macbook Pro that has only USB-c ports. It had decent reviews so I decided to try it out. It works, but only about half the times. It seems like I always have to change ports 2-3 times before I get a connection. This is obviously frustrating. I do sort of wish I had returned.. I have other converters that work in all of my ports, so I know it is an issue with the product and not my laptop.
Looks good	5 STARS
Very well constructed and dependable.	It works for its purpose of multiplying USB 3.0 connections but it constantly overheats, which results in my MBP disabling USB ports.
Use With 2019 MacBook Pro and it’s Worth The Money	I like how the little light shows you that it is plugged in and working. Plenty of ports for many items, lightweight, and super portable.
Works like a charm	Just plug it in and it works with the Macbook Pro 16 inch. Easy, fast and versatile. Allowed me to connect to multiple devices. I would definitely buy this again.
highly recommend!!	Quality product, well made. Easy to use, highly portable. Gives me the additional ports I need on my new laptop that only has one USB port. Will also come in handy on vacation transferring photos using the memory card slots.
Worked great with my MacBook Air.	I have only used the usb port so far but everything seems to be working well and I haven't had any problems! It feels like good quality and it's also convenient for traveling.
Compact but offers a lot!	I don't understand why design such a Adapter. With a type C input, but no type C output. How could I use if I want use power?
Did the job without fuss	Used this to attach a secondary monitor to my Laptop. Just plugged it in without any problems. Only surprise I had was finding that this thing was actually called a dongle. I thought dongle was just a made up word before I got this product. If I ever need another dongle again I'll get another one of these.
High Quality	Very high quality for the buck.
Works as advertised with a much cooler temperature	USB C Hub Multiport Adapter - 7 in 1 Portable Space Aluminum Dongle with 4K HDMI Output, very useful adapter for work and at home
Good, affordable USB C Multiport Adapter	WAYYYYYY better than the ones that are basically a block. The usb-c being  on a short chord made it last WAYYYYY longer than the block version
Works great	Compact design, easy to use and performs as expected.  I needed to expand options and add multi-functions to a MacBook Pro and this did the trick.
Works as intended for a great price!	I used it on my Mac Apple OS and Windows OS, and it worked with no issue, no driver to update, no software to configure, it is just plug and play.I strongly recommend it!
DURABLE	Life saver for WFH! I'm using a Window 10 PC, it is fast, nothing to do with installation, plug in and use! Easy!
One stop shop	This works great as an at-home dock for my work laptop.  Very satisfied with the product, and the value/quality for cost
Easy to use!!!	The device works immediately with my Intel NUC computer without installing any driver. It is a good tool to add addition USB ports and  I use it to add additional HDMI output for my second monitor and it works flawlessly.
Working great	Bought mainly for the SD card reader. The build is high quality and has a nice weight to it. Would like to have a pass through type-c port as my computer only has one. But at this price can't complain.
Seems durable	This hub seems high quality and durable. It works with both mac and windows laptops.
Great product	Good product. works fine with my MacBook pro. so far I am happy with it.
it's convenience to carry around!!!!!	It's convenience because it have multiple port to serve different purposes.It so slim and lightweight to carry around.
IPad pro bff	So far, I've only used the product a few times and everything worked perfectly fine. Technically speaking everything seems on spot. The cable between the ports and the computer is longer than I expected it to be, which makes it a little clumsy if you're travelling but for home at a desk it's perfect. The item was also delivered on time. I'm satisfied!
GOOD BUY.	I love that this hub had a HDMI and SD card slot as I use both frequently. The price was unbeatable and the delivery was literally the next day.
great for newer MacBook Air	Nice form factor. Haven’t used it much but has all the ports including SD US and HDMI. Good solution for macs.
Gets it done	Really slimline dongle and had exactly what I needed with the three USB 3.0 ports strong enough for external drives. Perfect.
Great product!	really love that it has usb ports and sd card readers , it’s super easy to use, the only thing is i wish it had other adapters so i could use it for older macbook models and pcs
Works preety good	Since Lenovo left out USB ports, I needed something like this for input and communication.  Nothing weird easy plug and play solution
a very necessary product	Best adapter of this type that I have purchased.  Thank you for your fast sipping and good quality product.
Great Product	This card reader is compact and well-made. Highly recommended.
Exactly what I wanted	This matches my space gray MacBook super nicely. Build quality is great, and the form factor fits my laptop bag perfectly. Also looks much better than the Apple brand dongle. Only downside is this doesn't have a USB-C port, but not a big deal at this price point. Definitely recommend it if you're looking for a dongle to use with a MacBook Pro for USB or HDMI ports.
As described - very useful	As described , very useful product
easy to use	Love that I can use so easy with more than one adapter all in one.
good but not for connecting laptop to monitor	Great item. It’s used almost daily. Very convenient.
Great USB-C Hub	Apple keeps changing the ports on every new MacBook and I keep buying accessories to handle my peripherals. This mini USB hub is perfect. Three USB ports and two card readers, which replaces my need for an additional card reader device.
Love it	is easy to use and very convenient
Fit perfectly into my MacPro	Excellent and high quality product
Gets it done	Good
Great!	I needed more posts with Laptop this worked with a cover on laptop, where another design did not.
The multiport adaptor works	I bought this during Black Friday for the expand-ability and have been using it with our TV for the HDMI adapter to run movies from my laptop since my laptop had a firewire port but no HDMI port.  I've been please with it.  And at $20 after tax received a decent discount at the time.
Delightfully small, elegantly powerful but....	I bought this to use on a Surface Pro 7 and a Macbook Air 2020, but found the device rendering my SP7 2.4 GHz useless. I tested the device with 5GHz and it worked fine, but when my SP7 would switch to 2.4GHz when moving further from router it would completely drop my internet. I only used the HDMI port hooked up to a monitor, so I cant speak to if the other ports also cause this issue, but my guess would be yes. I tried about 5-6 test from each wireless band and the device plugged in and not plugged in. If you never care about using 2.4GHz with this device, then you are fine, but if you ever may use both at the same time, I would test it on the computer. It sounds like on some devices if the wifi chip and usb c port are in different places then maybe its ok? I switched over to the HooToo usb c and it seems to work for my SP7.
My first time to give a review on Amazon	Just received this a few days ago and have used it several times. Just the USB ports so far and absolutely terrific!
Just About Perfect	This adapter is great. I use it mainly for its HDMI port for my MacBook Pro and the USB port for a mouse (stupid Macs with their lack of ports now). It's fairly simple to travel with and works like a charm!
Bang for buck	I have this hub to help connect a lot of electronics into my laptop for recording music.  It works great
Good purchase	Very Good. I use it everyday. Good Quality!
Great	Great item, works perfectly.
Perfectly functional	I was looking for a portable, weightless, diverse device that would allow me to connect me external devices to the MacBook Pro whose ports are no longer available on the computer itself. I have been using it for about three months and it has been a great purchase. Not as pricy as the Best Buy's limited choices and very practical. This is a MUST have.
Works well	Does the trick! Perfect with no issues!
Working really well!	Just what I needed for my setup.  Nicely made, plugged-in and was running in windows10 in seconds.  Haven't tried the monitor port yet, but I have used other USB to video adapters in the past and they tend to work just fine.
works perfectly	Good quality. It does not interfere with the WiFi. However data transfer speeds can decrease a bit.
Just what my laptop needed	Was loving it until it had connection issues that I initially blamed on my old phone. With two new phones, it still was having connection problems.
Great addition to make iPad Pro more useful	It has every type of ports I needed and it is smaller and lighter than I thought. Very happy with this purchase.
Great Addition	So far this has been very helpful increasing the flexibility of my mac. No issues with being able to connect any of my additional hardwares to my mac.
Works great	This usb hub is great! it works great, looks great, and the price is awesome! There's only a couple issues, there has been times when it doesn't turn on when plugged in but that's not a big deal because I can just unplug and plug and it works again, and the ports are mildly shallow ad stiff, it is semi resistant to plug something into it. other than this little things, the thing is great!
Works great!	Works well.
Easy to use.	It stopped after warranty period and only had a few months, if that. Gets hot too..
easy to use	very easy to use, and very sleek looking, and I haven't had any issues so far.I would definite recommend.
So far, so good!	It does its job. works well on my macbook and dell laptop. In the next version, I think an extra usb-c port should be integrated into this hub since there is a lot of room in the back side.
Very compact and useful.	Originally i had received this product, it died within a few hours. After writing the initial review (which has since been removed to update this one). I was emailed directly by two acting members of the product PR team, both were offering different ways to make things right and help me with the faulty product. I have since been given a replacement as the first one was a "lemon" as one of them mentioned. Its worked so far for a week and a half or so. Hoping this one lasts!
Yes yes yes! A MUST buy for any new Mac users!	Love love love love! I know you’re supposed to wait a little write a review but this product is amazing! It not only matches the color of my Mac p-e-r-f-e-c-t-l-y but it is super lightweight and slim too! I absolutely love it and it works perfect with my SD card and USB ports. LOVE!!
Awesome!	Fantastic item didn’t realize how amazing this would be to help me with all that I need to connect to my computer. Fantastic product overall!
I love it	I bought the 7 in 1 hub because of the price and was very satisfied with the quality of the product.It works as advertised and has exceeded my  expectations.I would recommend  this product to all people reading this review .
TRASH STAY AWAY	This product is a lie the USB’s are vey slow this hub also gets very hot as well and I wasn’t putting any power through it. I’m afraid that it will hurt my MacBook Pro STAY AWAY!!
Great quality great buy	Work well with my computer and my wireless mouse doesn't have any problems either
Great functioning USB Hub	This hub is lightweight and portable. Looks great with my macbook! So happy with this purchase!
Solid Build Fair Price	Great hub for on the go usage, especially with the new MacBooks. Matches my case's color, and seems to just work. Bought a second one.
Perfect for MacBook pro multitasking	The first time I used it I had to connect a Dell monitor to my Macbook. Apple is always coming up with new ports so this connector made it really easy to connect to any device. I have a lot of different cords and devices so this is very helpful and making sure I can do without a bunch of different items.
Exactly what I needed	USB and HDMI ports work fine.  I haven't tested the SD ports.
Solid Build Fair Price	Works great!  I needed something to be able to plug in my iPhone and anything else that I need to at the same time.
Convienient	Item was packed nicely and arrived without product damage within its packaging.
Extremely durable. You want these with a hard connect as this product has because it lasts longer.	Easy to use and allows so many devices to plug in.  Use all of the time.
Works grate	Portable hub to add another HDMI projector/screen to your existing setup.  Works as described and easy to setup... just plug it in.
Reliable product	This is a great device to keep in my briefcase for travel - allows me to easily add devices via USB and use my various media cards for viewing/editing content.  Extra HDMI allows me to add projectors/monitors as well.  Would recommend highly and without reservation.
Works well	Reasonable price for a quality product.
It works	It works sometimes but not all the time. I thought it was the usb mouse and keyboard but it was this hub as it kept happening for all usb devices. Unfortunate because I didn’t figure out the hub was defective until after I couldn’t return it. :( I wish it worked like it is supposed to!
Great tech item for those who need more connections	Has a protective metal exterior and long enough cable so that while plugged can hide behind laptop screen.
Worked great with my MacBook Air.	Nice Product. Made well.
Very Useful	Lightweight, slim and easy to use. I had no issues with it and it’s compatible with my c port MacBook Pro. Don’t waste your money on the expensive one. This does just as good for way less money.
Very functional - great design, super lightweight- works great!	This little bugger lets me hook up anything to my Pro, and I am able to down load to SD cards to play in my auto. Price is great is on point, it does not feel cheap!
Easy to use!	works well comes with free gift thank you will buy again!
Works just as described and has a nice weight to it - real metal	I was able to use with my MacBook Pro to plug in a HDMI to my 75 inch TV. Great for working from home while also being able to plug in other things such as my Apple Watch and iPhone. I also had enough room for a mouse and keyboard.
Great!	Does what I wanted it to do!
compact solid attachment	Perfect for daily
Must have for your Macbook!	Didn’t work with any of my laptops
Small and portable but sturdy	Worked pretty well. It was, conveniently, smaller than I had expected it to be, yet has all the ports I could need. The only worry was when I tried to connect a USB-connected bluetooth wireless mouse - but only at first, because for some reason, after a few minutes, it worked perfectly fine! I recommend this thing.
Happy	Excellent product. Works great with my surface pro. I modtly use it to worl with photoshop, download photos from sd and micro sd cards, and transfer pictures from two external drives.
Great USB C Hub	The quality and finish are very good. I like the fact that the joints (where the usb c cable meets the hub) is reinforced, this is where my other connectors (including ipad chargers) broke. It is a bit too big but that's ok given it has a lot of ports. The item arrived on time. Really happy with the purchase.
Solid Adapter	Solid design and works flawlessly. I like that it matches my MacBook Air too. Thanks for making a great product at a great price!
Has everything you need	This product is very easy to use and works well. It did not have any connection problems with my MacBook. The various ports makes it super convenient to have it all in one in a small compact adaptor!
Best	I like for it function, it a multiuse.
USB Port unstable	I love that this item contains enough ports to connect to a second monitor, charge a phone, connect another USB drive at the same time. We use it all the time with our macbook. Would recommend!
Necessity for Apple Laptops	This works for me as I found my new Mac Book Pro did not have a USB port.
Highly recommended	IF you have a tower pc in a desk enclosure. This is great for making USB accessible.
Works great	Works so great! Exactly what I needed to be able to plug in all my devices. I am able to use all plugs at the same time without any issues.
Superior product and service	I have not used this item very long but my initial impression is that it is well made.  The selection of ports is good and the build quality appears excellent.  When you hold and examine this item it appears of the same high quality as do Apple products.  The case is as best I can tell the same quality aluminum as are Apple computer cases.  Longevity is unknown at this point but I am impressed with what I have seen and the few times I have used it.
This is amazing for MacBook Pro !!	Monitor flickers on and off. It might be fine if you are just using it for a USB port, but don't count on it working for a monitor. Apparently the thunderbolt adapters that work are hundreds of dollars.
Works Well	This allowed me to set up my new desktop to my laptop for two screens. I have a Surface book 2 that used the USBC port. I also love the fact that I can upload my pictures to my laptop through the Sd card holder.Also great for charging my PS4 controllers while I’m surfing the web/ doing homework!
Great product for use when traveling.	This looks exactly as pictured and works perfectly fine. I have used multiple ports at once with no issues. It is a little annoying to have one thing plugged into another into another, but hey, that's just what you gotta do when every new Mac has different ports!
high quality product.	Very useful tool for the newest Macbook pro. It helps me to connect many devices at once and it works well.
Feels like quality	This Product works as expected and is easy to carry around.  Color matches well with the MacBook Pro.
Did the job without fuss	It is well made and compact. Does not support power delivery, so if this is important for you, look elsewhere. All ports works as expected. I just wish connecting cable would be a bit longer though.
High speed, powered by usb port, and works FINE with 500GB ssd's!	This seemed like it would be a good value, but within a couple months the USB C plug didn't make reliable connections with my MacBook Pro, and my video connection would be lost intermittently when using this for a second screen. For a while if I had the adapter sitting just right it would maintain the connection, but now I can't even manage that, so for both data transfer and video connections it is utterly unreliable. When it was working it would also get pretty warm at times. I didn't even try to use multiple ports on this at once. If you want to run an Apple SuperDrive through this that won't work either, as it cannot supply adequate power to the drive.The build quality is just not adequate for everyday use.
Thumbs Up!	Works great for single plug-ins, but it has kicked off a couple of times when both USB ports are in use along with the HDMI cable. (External drive, lightning cable/phone charging, HDMI) Mostly just unplug and re-plug if this happens. Worth it for the price.
Great Value	What I liked most about this product is versatility, from HDMI output, to USBs, to SD Card readers. This is what I like most  about this product. I primarily use this product for watching movies and such and I connect the HDMI cable to my laptop.
So worth it!!!	Other than 3 USB port it has HDMI & SD port, which are exactly what I need.
Gets the job done	Works great in my Mac. Great purchase.
Very compact	I purchased this for my new MacBook Pro and really like it because it is very compact and I can bring it with me to everywhere. Everything works as described.
Amazing Product!	I bought this 4 months ago and have been using it with my laptop since  my laptop only has 3 USB slots. This doesn't take up much room and has been working beautifully. It also looks quite classy.
USB C Hub Multiport Adapter use	Good customer service, fast shipping, and a good quality product for a reasonable price! So far it has worked well for me and I have had no issues with it. I use it to connect USB devices to my laptop.
great quality	great device, works as advertised and I've had no problems so far.
Material	Honestly this has all you can ask for a port hub. Lightweight, cool, excellent materials and gets the job done. Definitely worth the price.
Longevity of item very very short	I have over 5000 pictures on my iPad/ iPhone so I’m using this to store the pictures externally to save space. My iCloud space is almost full. Thank you for this solution!
Good	Bought this 7 in 1 USB-C adaptor for my daughter. She has been using it in college for the two months, and she loves it.
How does it work?	This product is so useful and works really well for individuals who need extra usb ports or just need a C port in general.Highly recommend.
Wireless Mouse Freezes	Very happy with my purchase. I got this as an accessory for my new MacBook Pro since it only has a USB-C connector and all my other devices have the regular USB cables. It's been easy to stash in my laptop case and so light I don't even realize it's there until I need it. It's super easy to use and has worked perfectly so far.
Awesome, works great!	In our office, we have a USB type c hub, but this guy for less and a smaller size does the trick. Easy to swap between my work laptop and my personal laptop. Say goodbye to disconnecting everything haha just a simple plug and done. If you own a laptop stand would totally recommend a USB type c extender, it helps with cable management since this hub has a kinda short cable. Totally recommended
Disappointed	I just got the new Macbook pro and am annoyed that Apple removed all of the critical USB and SD card ports. This adapter solves that problem. The material its made of is durable and not cheap feeling, and it has all the inputs I need to do work, school, and leisure on my laptop. This will come in handy all the time!
Convenient all-in-one Hub!	I bought a similar adapter that did not work well and quickly returned it once i saw this one online. I have had this adapter for a few months and it works great every time.
love it	I've had this adapter for 2-3 months now and it has worked great so far.  I have a macbook pro without a USB or HDMI plug, so I have to use an adapter. This has all the types of ports that are needed and still allows me to charge my computer while using.  This has been a great value for the money.
Good for Surface Go	I would highly recommend.
Great expansion options for your USB C device	I use this for my desktop, to add a third HDMI out to my setup, as well as all the other ports, since my laptop didn't come with an SD option.Works well and travels easily.
Very Satisfied	Very small, lightweight dongle. It is very powerful as well. 100% would recommend it.
Gets it done	I love this adapter. It allows me to plug in USB sticks and my memory card at the same time without taking up several ports on my laptop. It's lightweight and packs well for travel
it just works great	Got it yesterday and upgraded to a new mac book pro today.  Used time machine and it went well.
Small Portable USB Adapter	I bought this because my Dell XPS does not have an hdmi adapter for my monitor and it works very well. It is also very convenient because it is small and compact. I also use it to connect my mouse to my laptop. I highly recommend and really enjoy it
It has all the connections I was looking for	When I bought my new MacBook Pro I needed an adapter, but Apple said their port was a thunderbolt connection and I could not use a USB to C adapter.  I decided to give this one a try --- if it didn't work I would return it.  It works wonderfully --- just what I needed.  I really like being able to use 2 USB, my camera card and a HDMI cable all in one adapter.  It works perfectly --- thank-you!
Works well	This product was perfect for backing up and transferring our data from our old to our new iphone using our Apple computer. Given most of our devices cannot be directly connected to the Apple MacBook, this handy adapter was and will be useful for quite some time.  We had no issues fully backing up and restoring our phone(s) using the FlePow Multiport Hub. It also shipped faster than advertised!
Works seamlessly with PC but very limited with iPad.	The adapter has a good built quality, it's really portable and looks nice.The first 2 weeks I used, it worked as expected, but now for some reason, the bluetooth signal is weak and unstable. My mouse and my keyboard (both connected to the adpater) stop working regularly, and it's pretty annoying because I have to wait like 5 seconds so that they work well. Both my keyboard and mouse are less than 60cm away from the adapter...I don't think this is happening to all the users, so probably is my adapter that is kind of broken.
Great USB-C Hub	Works great. Exactly what I was expecting.
Great Customer Service	Ordered this product in January to connect my laptop with  a desktop monitor and  my printer.- Have had no problems at all.I would definitely order this again.
It just works.	The product works well for what me, a graphic design student who needs to transfer photoshop, word files etc to my MacBook pro from my external hard drive that doesn't have the usb-c port wire. It has a nice weight to it and doesn't feel like cheap plastic.
Great all in one device.	Good Product and good quality material.  Does the job as it is supposed to do.
Compact & durable	It's a very necessary and practical piece of hardware for the new style MacBook Pro. Best of all it does not interfere with any style case for the laptop. Two thumbs up!!!
Great unit for excellent connectivity	My HP Elite notebook has one too few regular USB ports (when used without the docking station) and a display port output but no HDMI. But it does have an extra USB-C. This dongle is now my standard travel companion. Rather than taking along a USB-C converter and a DP to HDMI converter I just take this thing and it gives me several extra USB ports and a card reader plus i can plug in either HDMI or DP (never know what you gonna get at a meeting room). Pretty good deal.
Work perfectly	Works perfectly, even with multiple devices plugged into it.
Great Product!	Not a bad dock, but don't plan on running HDMI at 60hz, it can't handle it.
Love it so far!	It worked well with most of my electronics however I ended up having to buy a different brand because this is not compatible with keyboards.The five stars are due to their excellent customer service.
Functional	I was amazed by how compact and versatile this power unit is.  You can plug everything into it.  It has the newer, smaller plug on the end that fits into a laptop or a phone, so I also ordered an adapter that enables me to plug into an older desktop computer.  I am running an external hard drive through it and also a thumb drive.  There is room for a wireless mouse and keyboard.  It does other things that I may need eventually, but for now, it is meeting my needs completely!
Works Great	This product works great, it has everything I need to connect peripheral devices.  It appears to be built well with quality products.
great product	Awesome product, does exactly what i need it to do.
Full Featured Device	Very good quality materials and workmanship. Small and lightweight and easy to take with you. I have had it for over a year and still works fine.  I would definitely purchase again.
Nice design!	Super compact design and easy to carry around. I love that it has multiple functions for me to use (3 USB, HDMI, etc). Super worth it for the price!
great for newer MacBook Air	I use this when delivering presentations at different locations. I never know what the connections will be, so I have this device that covers all types of connections!
Great for every application	Great device
Works well, but USB response jittery when using in combination with HDMI	Material is very strong and very Good quality. I primarily use it for HDMI and USB connections. Seems it came as a rescue on my Apple Laptop(MacBook). Been using the same since day 1 and no issues no far. Great product and keep up the good work.
Good product, but...	I was pleased with the product at first, but after three months it no longer works. I always unplug the USB-C end from my computer when I'm done because it drains the battery. As a result the USB-C tip has worn out and no longer works. Pretty disappointed with the quality.
Easy to use.	The FlePow is sleek and much smaller than I thought it would be. I've attached a picture with a pen for scale. It easily slid into a small compartment in my commuter bag. Does the trick!
Works great!	Works great
great hub	small but great！
convenient	Worked well out of the box, exactly what I needed.
Thumbs Up!	This does exactly what I need it to do and for a great price. The quality is nicer than I thought it would be. Would definitely recommend.
Delivers the goods at a fair price.	I bought own a 2020 MacAir with no USB 2.0 ports. This helped me use all my existing portable drives and other devices that are USB.  I found shopping for one if these “doggle things” intimidating because I found some cheaper and some that cost well over $100- what to do.  I took a chance in this and I am generally pleased.  The only thing I have noticed is while all 3 USB ports work some work with different peripheral devices with various degrees of success. For example my one portable drive needs the port closest to the computer the other ports don’t work with it.  I am not a techie, I can’t explain why that happens.  I can say it is a small issue and I am happy enough with no reason not to recommend it.  Because of the issue I did deduct 1 Star.  If you have a Mac but have what they call legacy equipment, which is all of us, it is a safe buy.  I can hdmi to hdmi, my presentation clicker and a drive all simultaneously for 3 hours at a time with just some slight heat on the doggle.
Works just as described and has a nice weight to it - real metal	I bought this to replace a different brand that had a faulty HDMI port.  This works great, and I love how small it is.  Has all of the right ports.  It doesn't get that hot.  Will update if it poops out, but after 2 months it is working fine.
Works great.	I bought this one because the previous one of another brand quit working after 6 months. This one works great so far and does what I need it to! Can't have a Mac without it!
Simple and work perfectly	Purchased this USB Type C Hub after reviewing multiple USB Type C hubs.  Very pleased with this purchase as this pairs great with my new MacBook Air.
It works	Great product that really does get the job done. Ive used it for a bit now and it seems pretty durable and reliable. I would definately recommend this product, especially for the price!
Good adapter	Great product. Easy to carry and allows to connect hdmi. I had another one on my workplace which heats up quicker this one does not get heat up quickly.
Quality product	Product is very efficient. It does it's job as expected. Very light, easy to carry, can connect multiple devices at the same time & works great. Really worth your money, don't have to spend a lot of money when you have this product.
En tiempo	Great size!
Nice addition !	Great product charges devices adequately
Love It!	Great product, I am always weary of purchasing non MAC products, but thus far, this one has not failed me!
Good for travel	Great idea in a poor package. I tried using with my surface pro 7’s usb-c port and this was constantly shorting out or not working. No matter how I plugged it in, what angle the hub was sitting at, how I flexed the cable, what way I plugged cables into it, it continually kept disconnecting and reconnecting my devices.Not worth the buy when better products exist.
So far, so good!	Nice and ultra light, perfect match to the mac pro space gray color
Works seamlessly with PC but very limited with iPad.	This works fine for a USB storage hub connection (thumb drive, hard drive, sd cards, etc), but the HDMI port wouldn't stay connected to my monitor. The monitor would randomly flash on and off. When I bypassed the hub and hook the monitor directly to the HDMI port on my computer I did not have that problem. And I have a different brand hub at work with an HDMI port that works just fine.
Excellent product.	Good product
Good product	Well made. Lots of port options. HDMI is at end of unit less likely to be damaged.
Good Adapter	This is a great product for work. Most ports you would ever need to link to your USB-C on Mac laptop. Works great so far!
Awesome, works great!	I got this product for my Macbook, which only has USB-C ports.I really appreciate the quality of the material. The hub and my Macbook are almost identical material wise and brings uniformity to the experience of using it.All the ports work very well and I have no complaints about the function of the device.However, the USB-C cable is just a *bit* too short. Sometimes, the device springs back and lightly taps my Macbook. This concerns me because it may cause minor dings and scratches on either device. I believe if this cable was a bit longer, the issue would be resolved.Overall, I would recommend the device to consumers that need a reliable and portable alternative for their computer's ports.
Great product for the value!	* HDMI 4k* 3 USB 3.0* SD card* Micro SD CardArrived fast. Good quality. Can't wait to keep the review updated!
Does the job	The hub has performed perfectly thus far. It seems like it is high quality in terms of build, and I really like the way it matches with my space grey MacBook Air. I'm really happy with the purchase and would certainly recommend it to anyone on the market for a USB-C hub.
Convenient	This is one of those products that perform as expected and just works, the design, materials and the color are superb.You won't regret purchasing this product.
Good product	Light weight with added different type of hubs makes life easier
FlePow USB 3.1 Type C Docking Portable, light weight and great price	I have bought a 1/2 dozen different styles of hubs similar to this over the years including some very expensive ones and they all technically worked, but with varying degrees of trade off pain. This is the best light weight, easy to store hub I will continue to use because it’s so easy to skip along side my pad pro 12.9 in a slim sleeve style carry case.
Great way to expand your MacBook's Thunderbolt ports.	Really liked the product when using at home, unfortunately it isn't working at my office when connecting my laptop to connected tv screen over hdmi, had to replace it with apple's hdmi adapter to fulfill my need. Not sure what made it incompatible while connecting to TV screens overs extended monitors.
Great USB-C Hub	Been using this for about a week, and it's been working well as described. A bit pricey, but it is a 7-in-1 product.
Great for every application	Great device. Slim enough to place on my desk without being intrusive. Has enough ports to compensate for the new MacBook design. Would recommendC$››.
Add Plug and Play Functionality to Your iPad Pro	 I love it😍is very useful and easy to use and works very well.Even I can connect it to my cell phone to see the contents of my USBI totally recommend it
Great tech item for those who need more connections	Product works just as described and perfectly with my new mac book pro ... transfers data quickly and with ease! Recommend it highly!
Great Quality	Use it to have multiple USB ports since my laptop only has one. I like that it also has an HDMI port so I can extend my screen to another monitor. I am happy with this purchase, it is an affordable and excellent device.
Convenient hub	Much nicer and more versatile than the Apple adapter this one has ports to support multiple connections. I use it daily for my mouse and three or four times a week for connecting my Mac to my computer via HDMI. I also like that it has a CAT5 cable end if needed.
Recommend	compact and works great!
Great Value	Very compact and lightweight, but good build quality. The cable is not too stiff. So far everything is working well. This is the perfect dongle for someone who has a few extra usb-type A peripherals and also needs to connect an external monitor.
Perfect product	Awesome product nice qualityGood price works great thanks!
Would buy again!	Works as expected. Convenient product. Simple and straightforward.
Perfect Multiport for Mac Users	I purchased this adapter when the one work provided to me crapped out after a week. It's been great and have not had any issues. My previous adapter would cause my external monitor to flicker constantly but this one has worked like a charm. I would highly recommend.Occasionally the wifi at work goes out so I do wish this had an ethernet port. But that's my only super minor issue. I know, first world problems. :-)
received ; as advertised	Saw a similar item at bestbuy but they wanted 80 or 90 bucks for it. Saw this one online and figured I’d give it a try, and it did what I needed with ease and at a fraction of the cost!
Convenient	New laptop didn't have enough ports, computer guru said get a multi-port adapter. Completely simple, plug in and use. No problems at all - works great.
Great Product!	The product is a bit price for me c ause my laptop has those ports, but I thought the processing would be faster and it was. The product was sleak and clean and would recommend for most audiences.
Very functional - great design, super lightweight- works great!	I bought this for my lenovo yoga 730 laptop. It works flawlessly even though my device isn't in the list of compatible devices. I guess this works on any laptop with a usb c port. Overall I'm happy with the product. I'll update if I find any issues.
Great	Great Product!
The device works as promised	This hub is excellent if you need multiple ports without having to use multiple dongles. Perfect for your Macbook Pro. I am very pleased with this purchase.
Great Stocking Stuffer!! Must Have Gadget for Mac with USB-C port!!	I had to get a usb-c hub because my computer broke down precisely when I needed to start working from home. I needed one to connect my tablet for a pc-like interface. The delivery was fast (even faster than the estimate!). The hub is very portable and has plenty of usb ports and an hdmi cable. The build quality seems solid and you can even feel a little heft to it.Unfortunately, it doesn't have a usb-c port and so it has no "pass-through charging" which means you have to disconnect from the hub to start charging your device. That puts a significant limit on your working time. This is all stated in the product description so it's absolutely my fault for not checking.I would give it 5 stars but for a similar similar price you can get a similar device with pass-through charging so it seems like a waste.
Great Customer Service	All of the outlets work at the same time, and without the use of a power supply.  No problems at all.  Small and lightweight.  Very portable.
Good, affordable USB C Multiport Adapter	It gets the job done when I need to connect a lot of devices. On occasion, I'll notice a bit of lag, so I use single dongles for my mechanical keyboard.
Gets it done	I totally recommend this device, as a college student this device is easy to travel with and also super simple to use. I use this with my macbook pro 2018 and i fits perfectly 10/10 would recomend
Great addition to make iPad Pro more useful	Really a good plug-play thing. Now has become an important part of my laptop. Easy to carry but powerful. Worth to recommend.
light weight and easy	Easy to use and perfect for travel.
Works Great	I recently got a new mac book and needed something to charge my fitbit, use my cricut.  It works great for all my needs!  Its portable as well too!
Works great	I used it so much during this last semester... definitely worth the money. Does what it is supposed to. I hope this helps.
Must have for your Macbook!	I bought this USB C Hub Multiport Adapter - 7 in 1 Portable Space Aluminum Dongle with 4K HDMI Output, 3 USB 3.0 Ports, SD/Micro SD Card Reader because it was listed as "Amazon's Choice" and it had great reviews and I am very pleased that I did.  I like that fact that it is sleek and compact and it travels well.  I use this device every day and would definitely recommend it.  I am a happy customer.
Use With 2019 MacBook Pro and it’s Worth The Money	I’ve had this product for about two months now, I use it for the SD card feature and USB card feature for my 2019 MacBook Pro and it works just fine.  Sometimes if I have it in for a long time and the files aren’t in use my computer won’t recognize it is there and I need to Unplug and replug, or sometimes when I initially plug it in it won’t recognize it on the first try but it usually works on the second. These minor inconveniences only happen every once in a while, overall a good bang for your buck
Great product	This product works well, clear picture through hdmi, charging and good connection through usb ports
Supreme Build Quality	I bought this adapter a year ago for work, and when I got a Mac at home, I didn't think twice about buying one for here too. This adapter is so easy to use and does a great job of enabling HDMI for my MacBook Air. I have also used the USB outlets, and was pleased to find that those also worked well.It's super lightweight and doesn't add to the burden of carrying around electronics while traveling. I recommend it.
High Quality	Works really well
need longer flexible cord	Absolutely love my hub! This is the best hub out there. It does not disconnect at all and everything plugs in swiftly! It’s the perfect extension to your laptop.
Good product	This is a great product and works very well with my MacBook Pro. It also has a nice metal casing that makes it feel very sturdy and like it's made with high quality materials.
Good, affordable USB C Multiport Adapter	A very convenient way to transfer media files (photos, videos, audio tracks, etc.) across devices without losing fidelity and high definition.
great addition to my MacBook Pro	A really good feature of this adapter is that it has multiple USB outlets and an HDMI outlet. It is also cheap compared to other USB-C cords out there.
Exactly what I needed for my Mac	This is perfect for my travel using with my Surface Pro.  Very compact and lite weight.
Small and portable but sturdy	After buying my Apple Macbook Pro with USB-A ports, I needed a hub to allow me to plug in all my USB-3 devices. This is working just as I hoped. It is well made and very small. I highly recommend it.
Works	sleek design works great with my surface go!
Very compact and efficient	I used this hub because my laptop doesn't have enough usb ports. It works great, has a solid build and nice feel. The only thing I could see being improved is not using a cheap rubber cable. Although it didn't and hasn't broken or worn, I could see it being a problem for someone who is constantly plugging and unplugging, bending, and traveling with. Overall great product especially for the price.
As described, good quality	Great timing
Great product!	This product matches perfectly with my macbook pro 13 space grey. It looks like as if it came with the macbook. The material feels premium but is actually plastic. I simultaneously connected my external HDD and USB mouse it it gave no problem. The HDD was able to utilize its full copying speed. Overall i'm really happy
Extremely durable. You want these with a hard connect as this product has because it lasts longer.	Great product, it’s something I was looking for a long time
Exactly what I wanted	I was looking for a way for my Samsung tablet to access an SD card without having to buy a mini SD and transfer the files. This does the job! I also hadn't noticed when I ordered it, but there's an HDMI port included, something that will also come in very handy. The cord is short, however. When the tablet is propped up, the hub hangs down. That isn't really a functional problem but I did buy a 6 foot extension cord and now it's perfect.
Works as expected	Great and a necessary item if you are a Mac user. Works perfect if used with a case to protect your MacBook were a regular dongle won’t fit properly. This item works great as it should. This the same job as other dongles that cost 3-4 times more.
Why i like this product?	It has worked very well so far. I am concerned about the durability and longevity due to the top of the cord that connects to the device.
4K HDMI works well	So far so good. An absolute must if you have a case on your MacBook and cannot attach any other type adapter to your Mac.
Excellent Multi-@ort Adapter for All My Electronics While I Travel	This is a very reliable adapter that has a sleek look while maintaining a lightweight feel. Feels just like your Mac. Offers lots of options to use. I like that I can still charge my Mac while this is plugged in.
convenient	I have purchased several multiport adapters, and this is as good as they come.
USB C 7 in 1 hub.	I have a new MacBook Pro which has exactly one usable USB-C slot besides the power plug. I have been able to use this for all kind of apparently now obsolete things that make my MacBook better for me at least for now. It works with a cheap CD ROM reader, thumb drives, an old printer, a slide scanner and a wired mouse, more than I expected. I have been able to transfer data to the new computer from older media through this device.
Works great!	Works great on my Samsung S10 and Tab4.  I have Logitech Wireless Keyboard and wireless mouse plugged in and it works great!
Very compact	Very useful. Works like a charm. I used this on my macbook pro and I was able to display on screen and use the ports with my external hard drive just fine. Highly recommend.
Works Great	love it!
DURABLE	great product
Quality product	I lost over a terabyte of data for Final Cut projects because of this adapter. It kept disconnecting my sd card and external hardrive. I didn't think much of it until nothing worked or connected. My 2Tb hardrive is now toast. Waste of money that will cost you money and time in the end.
Reliable product	Easy to use, small and practical.
HDMI port does not work very well	Great Product and very easy to connect multiples devices at one time.  Sleek design and less weight makes it worry free to carry.
It works with the New 2018 IPad Pro 11”	Just keep in mind the length of the chord.When I use it with my surface pro 7 in the upright position the hub is left dangling in the air. Depending on the amount of connections weighing it down it could cause the usb c to come loose.
Works well	Me ha funcionado muy bien
Convenient all-in-one Hub!	Convenient all-in-one Hub works great between, camera, laptop and printer.Solid construction, reliable provides multi functions in one convenient device.
Great product	Gifted to a family member, they said it was defective and did not work. so disappointed.
Great tech item for those who need more connections	I use this everyday to connect my laptop to my 2nd monitor. It's compact and not that expensive. Good job!
Use With 2019 MacBook Pro and it’s Worth The Money	It works perfectly for the new Mac Pro with the Touchbar!
So worth it!!!	Awesome
Good product	Great product. Easy, reliable, travels well.
It does the job!	Will be buying another one
High Quality for a great price.	The functionality of this and the price. Makes its a no brainer for my macbook pro with no usb options.
Makes my laptop more useable	Convenient, and arrived promptly
Works well	My HP laptop only has 2 USB ports.  Using this adapter I have been able to great expand the number of ports.  The adapter is much easier to access than the ports on the side of the machine. Now that I have it I don't even look to plug in anything directly to the machine because I know the adapter  has all the ports I need.  The size is nice for traveling too. Would buy again.
Works great!	I just got the new Macbook Pro 16" that only has Thunderbolt ports, so an adapter is essential.  This one works really well.  Apple charges the same price for a single Thunderbolt to USB3.0 adapter, and charges $69 for a Thunderbolt to a Multiport Adapter with one USB3.0, one HDMI, and one USB-C (which is pointless — why a USB-C to USB-C?).  So this FlePow adapter provides far more functionality at a drastically lower price.
Great quality great buy	Better quality than expected
A great hub	I purchased this to get my home office set up once remote-work began during the pandemic.  This turns my new-ish Macbook into a powerhouse computer, able to use just one of the precious USB-C ports into a fully functional docking station.  The hub has worked well to hook up to my Philips monitor, external hard drives, conferencing camera, and a microSD card every day, without fail.  Highly recommend this product.
great choice	I just purchase Apple MacBook pro 16 and ordered this hub works great and give me all the functions needed. Also look like it is part of the apple system with style (Aluminum).
High quality and phenomenal price!!	I needed this to go with my new 2019 Macbook Pro.  It plugs in perfectly and has all the USB ports I need to connect my printer, a backup hard drive and yes, my mouse ('cause I just prefer a mouse rather than using my fingers on the trackpad).  I'm good to go!
Works as intended for a great price!	I really haven't used this USB C Hub Multiport Adapter to it full capacity or potential- only the USB ports, but so far so good! No complaints as it works as it should.
Love it	Not cheap plastic. Amazing value for the price. Works straight out of the box as designed. Great for executive travelers.
Exactly what I wanted	This USB Type-C Hub is just what I needed for my new 16" MacBook Pro (2019). Just plug it into any of the USB-C ports and you're ready to go. Small and lightweight for easy travel. Includes three USB 3 ports, SD and micro-SD card slots and one HDMI port. It seems to be made of good materials and is very affordable. So far I've had no problems whatsoever. I would recommend this product for purchase.
Small and portable but sturdy	Everything I would expect from a Multiport Adapter, it works great and hasn't let me down and I've been using it continuously for almost a year now! The only downside of this, if I am being super nitpicky, is that it is a little long, but that comes with it having multiple ports so at the end of the day it really isn't a downside.
Would buy again!	The product works as described and has made my life so much easier!
Many IO options	First of all it looks great! with my macbook air :) color match!!!I tried all the ports and are working well. Nothing to complain about so far, I used mainly for SD card and flash drive.It’s really a good purchase!!
Matches space gray looks and works well	Worked as intended. Satisfied
Great USB-C Hub	Using this with my MacBook Pro (Thunderbolt 3), and it works perfectly. No problems or difficulties at all. A great, economical, portable hub providing USB ports that I can use for everything.
Very Useful Device	I recently purchased a MacBook Pro. I quickly discovered that I also needed to purchase new cables or adapters to use a mouse, printer, CD player, backup hard drive, etc. The USB Hub Multiport adapter allowed me to continue to use my old cables and adapters. The Multiport adapter works flawlessly and costs much less than having to buy new cables and adapters. I have one at home and another in my computer travel bag. The Multiport adapter did away with my aggravation when I was stymied from doing something, like backing up my computer, because I didn't have the right cable to connect the backup hard drive (or other devices) to my computer. The Multiport adapter is a must if you are purchasing a new Mac.
Versatile!	Works exactly how I wanted it to and looks good.
Does the Job	Had it for few months. Been working great so far. It’s convenient to hook my laptop and monitor.
It works !	Definitely an awesome dongle that’s fulfilled its purpose well. The build quality feels good, the resolution on the external monitor looks fantastic and ports work great!
multiple ports, very convenient	I purchased this in July 31, 2019 primarily to use for its HDMI port. From then until last week (May 18th, 2020) it worked great. Last week my Macbook would not accept the connection from the adapter because it was drawing too much power. I thought it might be my laptop but I switched it to all the other ports I have and still the same error. I reset my SMC like some sites suggested and still nothing. I know it's this adapter because I have another adapter from a competitor (Novoo) which has worked flawlessly for longer, and which is still working. Needless to say, after 11 months this has become just a paperweight.
As advertised!	I've been very happy with this product so well. It's well made and it's been helpful to have so many ports.
Great product!	Great product, will buy from this company again!
Great unit for excellent connectivity	I've had this device for a few months and the USB port DO NOT WORK properly, but took me a while to realize and thought my devices were old and dead--but they work with my husband's PC laptop no problem!  Unfortunately, I'm outside the window to return this.  I keep trying to use corded or cordless mice with the help of the adaptor, however, the power is spotty, meaning the mouse doesn't receive continuous power.  Also unless the laptop is plugged into the wall, none of the devices plugged into the adaptor work, which kind of defeats to point of having a laptop and not being able to plug in a flash drive or wireless mouse on the go. The reviews of this item were really good, so maybe I received a "lemon".  I would recommend a better-quality device, or possibly genuine Apple.
Working really well!	Love that it's lightweight, compact, lights up, sturdy, and up to date with what allotted space it has for peripherals.I've looked around and this is the best bang for your buck!I'm buying 2 more for my hubby and my daughter.
Great Stocking Stuffer!! Must Have Gadget for Mac with USB-C port!!	Bought my first Mac Pro a few months ago, converting from PC and many USB peripherals (Logitech headset, wireless mouse dongle, etc.).I wanted the ability to connect 4K HDMI to my TV (this was before purchasing Apple TV 4K device, thus eliminating need to connect to TV via HDMI cord unless I go to another TV without Apple device).I plan on using the SD and Micro SD readers, as I have a Nikon digital camera. So, I’ve not tested this yet.I’m pleased with overall design. Very easy to pack into a laptop bag/backpack. I took this with me on a domestic flight without any problems.There are so many similar gadgets on Amazon. I chose this one based on its simplicity, cost, and reviews. I panicked a little after I bought it and before it arrived because I did see the variety of similar gadgets having more options, but when I received my order my anxieties disappeared. This gadget is Goldilocks’ “just right.”
Very compact and efficient	This interface device includes most needed inputs to support transition to the new 16" Macbook Pro.  The unit itself is of reasonably high quality parts and it operates as expected.  I would have gladly traded one of the three USB 3.0 ports for a Lightning port, so that is a drawback if you require that interface.  All in, well worth the price.
Solid Adapter	I like everything about this product. It has the basic essential ports that I need as a student without being too expensive. I would recommend!
Works as advertised	Its great, I can bring it with me and it gives me more option when added more devices. This device is very light with metal casing.
Perfect product	Works well, serves it’s purpose. No issues so far!
Great tech item for those who need more connections	Product delivered is good and functions as expected. Only issue i faced is I ordered for silver color as my mac was silver. They delivered space grey.
Simple but effective!	Haven't really used it yet, but I think it will be pretty good.
Amazing Product!	This is an incredibly handy little device.  Gives you all of the connections you could reasonably need in a compact, sturdy shell.  Lets you expand a single USB-C into three USB 3.0 slots, plus an HDMI!  The SD and Micro-SD card slots are nice, too.  Great for the ever-shrinking devices that have fewer and fewer ports.  And at the cheap price, you can afford to order it and toss it in your bag until you need it.
More Than Expected	I am thrilled with my new hub. Did quite a bit of research before buying and glad I came across this product. It has everything I need, the materials and workmanship are top notch and it works flawlessly. What else can I say. I would recommend this item to all. You will not be disappointed one bit.
Good Value for Money	This USB C hub is useful and I keep in my work bag for my occasional adaptor needs. It is compact and light and offers several different types of ports. The only challenge I've had is that when HDMI is plugged in, it seems to have challenges. The more plugged in the more challenged the performance it seems. However, for regular things like transferring files, it's great.
High Quality for a great price.	I love this product very usefull for when i am traveling because i dont have to grab i lot of wires....thank u so much
Good product	Great product! I use it all the time and it makes life so much easier when it comes to transferring photos and videos!
Works AMAZING!	This product really helps me work as efficiently as possible.
Easy to Use	Very happy with my purchase! Great quality hardware for the amount I paid!
Works like a charm	This product gets the job done. I expected it to fail me because of its low price, but its been working fine. It has a nice aluminum finish to match my Macbook which is a plus.
My first time to give a review on Amazon	sucks.  don't buy. it doesn't work well and connection is unstable.
need longer flexible cord	Works great with my Dell laptop. Connects USB mouse and keyboard along with webcam for working from home.
Gets it done	It works and is a reasonable price, I plan on taking care of it and hopefully this brand lasts at least a year.
Works well	This met the need perfectly and simply.
high quality product.	small enough to fit in a pocket, this is a great hub!
Functional and portable	For the price you can’t beat it, really. A friend of mine paid $80 for his hub and they do the exact same thing, they even had the same refresh rate when using the hdmi port. I was thoroughly surprised by the material quality and longevity of this product. 10/10 would recommend this.
Great value.	Perfect for traveling, enough ports for regular use.
Works great and we use it daily it’s been a great thing to have.	Just what I needed for my IPad Pro. All points are working just fine. Could not have purchased a more useful tool to use with my system. Thank you for producing a quality product!
Satisfied with product	I got this USB C hub for my MBP. No need to setup anything, just plug and play.
USB C Hub Multiport Adapter - 7 in 1 Portable Space Aluminum Dongle	Using this for my HP laptop. Good size and features. The USB C works better than my regular USB hub.
So far, so good!	I love this adapter. I've tried several others and this is by far the best I've used. It is great quality and has worked perfectly since the first time I used it (and I use it daily). I'm super happy with this purchase!
Yes yes yes! A MUST buy for any new Mac users!	Awesome product that I added to my MacPro works like a charm. Very compact and easy to travel with — I totally recommend this! Love love love
it's convenience to carry around!!!!!	All ports work. It's slim, fits neatly in my bag, and does what it's supposed to.
High Quality	Working perfectly
need longer flexible cord	It works well with my 2019 macbook air.  3 USB 3.0, 1 type-c USB, 1 4K HDMI , and 2 SD ports give me a lot of options to connect different devices.
Just as described; better than expected	product is as described.  I needed a few more USB ports for my laptop and this fit the bill.
Does what it should	Works great! Prompt delivery - I needed it for a presentation I was giving abd it arrived plenty of time and performed as promised . Great versatility for other uses too ,with my 2019 MacBook Pro.
All in one	This is the only product I have found that works perfectly with my MacBook Pro (2018)The extra ports all work great and able to connect and charge my iPhone and iPad Pro.
Super handy to have around!	This worked for about 30 minutes before my bluetooth mouse became unresponsive. Kind of disappointing that I'll have to return a product that is ostensibly trusted by tons of reviewers.
Material	Product arrived in 2 days, every port conncted easily and worked well.
More Than Expected	Perfect for home, and bring on the road! I’ve used it with my Mac and iPad Pro with no issue.
Good Value for Money	I bought another brand of Hub.can't be compatible with my laptop. Now I bought it and it works very well.
great for newer MacBook Air	The hub is very suitable for me since I travel a lot with my laptop everywhere. It's light weight easy to store and allows me to connect multiple things to my laptop.
Good USB-C hub to connect a 2nd display on Macbook Pro	I need a connector like this one. Because my laptop doesn't have many USB codes, I had been looking for all through the internet. Find it out on Amazon. This is convenient and affordable.
Would buy again!	This works well with my new MacBook Pro.  It has everything I need!
The best mini hub for traveling	So far so good with this adapter. It's sleek and easy to transport. So far no problems at all.
Gadget saver	Great adapter for my Macbook Air.  Since all my stuff are old USB’s this gadget comes in very handy.
This is amazing for MacBook Pro !!	Good size, easy to slip in and out of my backpack when needed. The cord isn't obnoxiously long. The material feels sturdy. I've owned it for about 3 months now and have had no issues with its connection or performance.
Small and portable	Absolutely perfect.
Thumbs Up!	Great product. Bought similar but none beats the design and durability like this one. Needed the extra USB ports and this came with plenty! Very happy even though I happened to find the one I was missing, this still comes in handy and multiple uses! A+
Sleek, Slim & Stylish	It works perfect. I would recommend this product.
good but not for connecting laptop to monitor	Perfect condition out of box, all ports worked 👍🏽
A great recommend !	I use this product as my "docking station" to quickly plug in my keyboard, mouse and external monitor with just one plug instead of three.  It is a time saver!
Just what my laptop needed	I just got a new MacBook Pro and haven’t been used to using a computer without the usual ports. This definitely helped me get connected to some of my usual accessories. The only thing I didn’t like is that it is kind of awkward to have hanging out of my computer. I think it’s probably more Apple to blame for not being universal. I like the product and will continue to use it.
Exactly what you want	Very satisfied with this item would definitely recommend.
Super handy to have around!	Wow...was not expecting it to arrive so quickly!  Perfect because I am working from home now. .... Item is compact in size and is working great!  Thank you!
Great quality!!	Can not beat this item for the price I got it. It works great with my computer, lite weight and does exactly what I need it too. I will recommend to everyone with a Mac that needs the additional features.
Many IO options	I like the fact that I only need the power cord and this Multiport adapter plugged in to my laptop. To move to another room I just unplug it and walk away. One less star because the attaching cord is short (about 6 inches).
Great service	Portability with these features is excellent.
USB Port unstable	Effective USB c hub for general purpose use. Would be nice if the cord was longer and had two hdmi ports for dual screen support but otherwise does it’s job
Great Addition	It's so nice to carry just one adapter for my external monitor, SD cards and USB mouse! The color matches my space grey Macbook Pro too!
Very good quality, works perfectly	I bought this in December after buying the new MacBook Pro and I have never had a problem with it. I have only used the USB and HDMI ports, and had no issues. The quality is very nice. It does not feel cheap and does not get scratched up when I throw it in my backpack with a bunch of other random things, which is a plus. Having the cord, as opposed to having it plug in from the side, allows for it to be more versatile, especially if you will be using tablets with bulkier cases.
Did the job without fuss	I have had this product for about a month and it has worked so well. It supports all of the devices that I need to insert. I bought the space gray color. I only paid a fraction of the price that I would have paid at a large computer retailer. It was a great investment and worth the price.
My first time to give a review on Amazon	Compact and affordable! A great addition to a wonderful MacBook Pro !
TRASH STAY AWAY	This arrived today, I'm not sure if it even works yet.  I have to give it 1 star however. Inside the package, almost everything inside is splashed with a viscous disgusting orange fluid that that smells like a mixture of ammonia and baking soda and a tinge of rotten meat.  Absolutely nasty.  I've cleaned everything up and disinfected it, waiting for things to fully dry to test the hub out.  Wouldn't recommend solely on that alone, not a fun cleanup job for something supposedly brand new.
The device works as promised	It's an amazing piece. I just want everyone to know (you would know this if you read everything) it's only 6 ports. Still amazing. Thank you
Works seamlessly with PC but very limited with iPad.	I bought this to be able to use my older usb devices with my 2016 MacBook Pro. It's been more convenient than switching devices from the one adapter I bought with my MacBook each time I needed to  jump from a card reader to a drive, etc. I was even able to hook up my old early 2000s Cinema display to the HDMI port, making my workspace more than double! It's very lightweight, takes up little room and has worked wonderfully so far. As long as it continues to be a work horse I'll continue to be a very satisfied customer!
Great product	This dongle was the best purchase I had made for my macbook pro. It is the perfect size for travel.
I love it!	It is very useful. The relation between price and quality is so much better than I expected. It works perfectly, it is light weighted, I highly recommend this one.
Good product	This worked exactly like I needed it to. Great product for anyone wondering. It's very handy to take on the go.
The multiport adaptor works	This hub provides a large number of ports in a small, stylish form factor.  Looks good with my Mac and keeps my other port on my Mac free.  Haven't used it for video yet but based on the hub's performance everywhere else, I can't imagine I would have an issue.
Great	Great product!
Worth every penny!	Versatile and easy-to-use product! This has eliminated the need to carry multiple different cables, since everything I need for my productivity can be accomplished with this hub. I’ve already recommended this product to friends and family and will continue to do so.
Great purchase	Perfect for a backpack.  Nice and compact!
Works well	Bought for college student. Seems to work very well.
Works. Seems well built.	Have used it to read sd cards for game cameras and for screen mirroring phone to TV thrrough the hdmi port. Both work good. No complaints.
Disappointed	It connects well, powers all devices that are connected to it seamlessly and is very well made! Love the look, as it matches my Pro. And love that I don't have to buy adapters any longer!
Works as Expected	This is a great well made product
Works great and we use it daily it’s been a great thing to have.	I like it. Except the sad card reader is a bit slow.
Good product	Our office uses the newer MacBooks with one USB-C port and we have tried several different hubs. This one has been the best. The quality of the materials, the ease of setup and the port layout is great. Having HDMI is a deal breaker on hubs and this one has it. I highly recommend it!
Very handy!	I loved this product because one, it uses USB-C and it utilizes USB ports as well as common SD card technologies all on one adapter so that I can take advantage of one single USB C port on my laptop when I'm on the go, such as when I'm shooting footage with my Canon camera.  Highly recommended!
One stop shop	I only have 2 lightning ports on my MacBook Pro. This helps so much and is a must for macbook users. I've tested out all ports and they work perfect and are immediately reognized. This 7 in 1 affordable option is a life saver
Multiport Adapter	Product works great for my daughter.
Game Changer Adapter! Awesome!	Works great for my Samsung Galaxy Note 8 with playing my games, online searching, watching videos and movies, and alot more. Haven't had a chance to use the USB ports, SD card, and micro SD card ports yet. I do reccomend this product to anyone that doesn't have a smart TV that you can stream your phone to. Overall fantastic product 10 outta 10.
Love it!	Bought this so i could connect more devices for my DJ laptop that only had 2 ports.
works perfectly	So far so good! Well made with sturdy construction and works as intended.
Works AMAZING!	Got this for my daughter and she loves it. She uses it for her apple computer that doesnt have the right plug ins. But this works wonders she says. Thank you.
Sleek, Slim & Stylish	Its a great product very handy and affordable and it works perfectly with my macbook. Highly recommended
Fit perfectly into my MacPro	Its pretty good and the hdmi plug in helps alot
Works GREAT!	The USB C Hub Multiport Adaptor  - 7 in 1 works perfect. Small, lightweight and perfect for on the go needs. Works great on the HP computer I have. I recommend this product.
Matches space gray looks and works well	Great product. Works just as I was hoping.
Extremely durable. You want these with a hard connect as this product has because it lasts longer.	Loved the product.  Good quality and portable. Really light weight and has all the required sockets.
Works well	USB ports work, haven't tried HDMI yet.  Cost effective and good quality so far.
Simple and work perfectly	The product works as advertised. I could use this with my Apple device very easily. All my USB devices worked without any hiccups including external HDD, card adapters. HDMI also worked fine.
Very compact	Works great! Compact, easy to store, works fast w my SD card, simple plug and play. Highly recommend.
Love it!	Works great and looks great! I wish I came with a little bag to protect it.
Connecting the old with the new made easy	I bought this so that I could connect a third monitor to my Macbook Pro at work (I already maxed out my dock with two monitors that connects to one of my USB-C ports) and also as a travel dongle with multiple port options, for e.g., projector/screen display (via HDMI) or mouse, or really whatever, when I'm traveling.  It's always worked as expected, and is smaller than my other, similar dongle I have at home, which I like for travel.  I haven't tried using the SD slot, but other than that, I'm happy with this.  And the price point is better than the first I bought (the one I have at home) that I bought about a year ago when I first got this Macbook.
Working really well!	I bought this product for my MacBook and my Wacom tablet, and the product is just everything I needed and more. From adding an accessible HDMI port, providing as a port for my phone (which is a Samsung), etcetera. For it's price, it's really durable and sturdy and is worth the buy if you need it.
Delightfully small, elegantly powerful but....	This is a great hub and it really does pack a lot of functionality into one little piece. The metal body is really sturdy! You can't even get it to flex at all if you try to bend it. This makes me feel confident that when having it in a bag with other electronic accessories that it won't break. The only feature which is missing that made me knock it down 1 star, is that it doesn't have a USB-C port that I can plug a charger into while I'm using the hub. Not a huge deal if you're battery is charged for most scenarios. However I can definitely see scenarios where I'm giving a presentation where I'm hooked up via HDMI and my battery could die. Would be nice if they added a charging port. Otherwise, this is an excellent buy and a solid bang for you buck!
Works Well	I was very hesitant in getting this product because of a past experience with another but it works well
Good quality for the price	Me encanto ya que me ayuda mucho con mi IPad Air Pro a traspasar las fotos desde ella hasta el usb
Reliable product	I needed a USB C Hub with at least 3 ports and a HDMI Output for my Mac. This product exceeded my expectations with quality, also it has a lower price than USB C Hub's sold at Best Buy. I recommend it 100% for all Mac users.
?	This product is worth every penny. It comes to be very neat with HDMI feature!
Small and light enough to easily keep in your bag at all times	The packaging is very professional and the product itself is very high quality. Very convenient in any surcumstance
Works well	As described, used with my new Mac air.
Worked great with my MacBook Air.	Fits nicely in my briefcase and it matches my computer. The HDMI looks great and it has a seamless data transfer. I Would highly recommend this product.
Works great and easy to use	It is the perfect item! It is easy for me to remove and change from computer to computer. I had no way to plug my gaming headphones in since they do not have the normal  plug and this was a life saver!
Works Great	Lightweight and easy to carry
Good purchase	Very good price for all the uses you can get
Great product	when I first got this I thought all the ports would make it so it wouldn't last long or not a fasts but its really good quality
Very easy to use	The product works as it should.  I like that it has a sturdy chord.
Very useful	Works as if it's worth $100 definitely worth ur money. Every outlets work and very convenient. IDEK i just love it.
Great!	the product is very helpful if you are using newer version of macs. I myself have been using using hard-drive between my mac and windows computer transferring photos between usb hard-drive and mac, it makes it so much easier with this multi-adapter. The material is also very durable.
works perfectly	I like all of the different ports that are on this product. The only thing I would change about this product is the capability with with HDMI.
Full Featured Device	It is really mandatory for the new generation of Macbook because there is no old type of usb port. So this is 3.0 usb type-c port, it helps me!! For example, I was going to install Windows-emulator on my Macbook but it did not come with 2.0 usb port, so this adapter will help me be able to connect the SSD external with my Macbook.
DURABLE	This item was recommended by my friend who is very tech savvy (Linda Flippo) and even I (NOT tech savvy) was immediately able to install and use.  Thank you!
Gets the job done	It was a very worth the price purchase
Works as described	Does exactly what I need.
It works with the New 2018 IPad Pro 11”	I have tried other USB Hubs that would not stay attached well but this hub stays attached to the computer well. It also has several ports that makes it easy use multiple items at the same time. My wife bought this for her new computer that has no USB ports and she is a professional photographer. She is always using multiple external hard drives at the same time and this device makes that easy. Great device!
Great unit for excellent connectivity	*revised as HDMI now works with Catalina update!* This is a really nice quality product and looks great with the new 16" space grey macbook pro. I initially had trouble with just the HDMI port but it was a bug with Catalina - I updated to the latest Catalina and the HDMI works great! It's super light and I've been taking it to class and putting it in and out of my backpack (with a lot of other stuff in there) and it's still like new. Definitely recommend :)
Overall good buy	Plug everything into the adapter
Great product	Happy with this product. It services all my "gadget" needs easily. Was exactly what I was looking for and needed.
Convenient	This product is very light weight and very portable; fits in my pocket just fine. Works with connecting with all devices but have issues on connecting through HDMI with my tv. I attempt to stream Netflix and it says there is an issue with HDCP error.
Good Value for Money	Easy to use, portable, very useful.  Been using for a few months and still working.
Good Quality	A Miracle, great company and amazing customer service. The hub wasn't compatible with my device and they were very quick with a response and a refund, I will be ordering from A Miracle again!!!
Works as intended for a great price!	it worksIt is made in china
Works like a charm!	So I recently purchased this adapter and it has worked great and has every port I need.
Perfectly functional	I had purchased an adapter several months ago for More money and was disappointed in the quality as the case broke within the first couple of uses and recently stopped working . This one is surprisingly great quality and I don’t see it falling apart easily in the next few weeks as the other one did. I’ll update if anything changes.
Great addition to IPad Pro	The adapter is great quality and has a really nice hand feel.  Works great!
Awesome adapter...	I like how compact this product is and how easy to use it is. It’s simply plug in and go. It’s small enough to slip into any pocket in my laptop sleeve or my backpack and lightweight enough to carry around all day.
USB C 7 in 1 hub.	This USB-C hub works great, is very compact, and has nearly everything I wanted. The only lack is a USB-C port on the hub itself for daisy-chaining.
Very Versatile	I've used this adapter's HDMI port to connect my laptop to a larger monitor and used this to read my camera's SD card. Everything works fast and smooth and I love that it's compact. The only issue I had to be aware about is that when I connect my phone charger USB to this adapter to charge my phone, it requires some fidgeting with the wires to get it to start charging. Not sure if this was a charger issue or the adapter so I'm still giving 5 stars :)
Versatile!	Worked as expected. a little light will turn on if connected, which is neat.
Great service	grey color offers the cool look
Chromebook	This works exactly as described. The cord feels a bit stiff, but otherwise perfect
Small Portable USB Adapter	Nice multi port hub. I keep with my laptop and use regularly. Transfers no problem but some reason I can't get it to work with my phones port. I don't use my phone but still would like to have the option.
love it	Great price. I used it all semester and it worked flawlessly.
Works as expected	Item arrived quickly and as expected. It feels like decent quality with a good weight balance.  I did have one or two issues with my MacBook accepting the actual device, but that may be an issue with my macbook's connector.  I've never had the device fail, though, and I've always been able to use it,I would definitely recommend this device for those!**I will update if this item fails for whatever reason**
Does the Job	Parcel was not there when I went to retrieve it. Now I need one with a few more options
Worth the money!	Works as intended, very solid choice.
Wireless Mouse Freezes	Worked fine to start, after about 3-4 weeks of use all of my USB hubs have stopped working. SD card read doesn't work and the HDMI port works about 50% of the time. I got good use out of it for a few weeks like I said but judging off of a few other reviews I found this seems to be a recurring problem with other users. Going to be seeking out a new one due to lack of quality here
Good USB-C hub to connect a 2nd display on Macbook Pro	Small and sturdy, works great with my Chromebook. Allows me to expand my Chromebook capabilities quickly and easily. I am THRILLED with this purchase!
Cell use	This is great. Works well as expected. Worth buying.
Good Quality	In the confusion stage of plug in transitions, this little device is my new best friend.  It works well, has multiple options, is lightweight and compact.  I highly recommend it.
USB C Hub Multiport Adapter use	This adapter is great! It's sleek and feels very durable. Definitely worth the money. I ended up buying an extra one for the office because I liked the first so much! Highly recommend!
Very Useful	Does everything it promises to do. I've had some slight connectivity issues with different ports at different times, but it's overall been a reliable addition to my desktop. The hub is much faster for transferring files from and SD or MicroSD card than any other options I have tried.
Very Versatile	This is a well designed, constructed adaptor hub for late model mac users. I I never expected the new macbook to only have usb-c ports, so i found this adapter hub that can connect different kinds of peripherals. I have been using this adaptor for about 6 mons already and no issues so far.
Good item	Just got the hub and I am fully satisfied! It has all the ports you need and the speed is great. The hub is made in the same material as the macbook, so it feels well made and matches the space grey case of the macbook. Only thing might be that it is a little too large/heavy to keep it plugged in the macbook at all times, so you got to keep it in your backpack or else for transportation.
Versatile!	Great product, works well! Sleek design as well.
More Than Expected	I like how sleek it looks as well as all the different ports that you lose when only having a USB-C on the newer Macbook Airs. I'm glad I was able to find something portable that I can carry with me!
Plug and play! No issues!	Small and easy to slip in to my laptop case. Works as expected.
Great Product! Very Compatible and reliable	I bought this to add connectivity between my computer and other devices. It works great. It's small and easy to transport. All other devices connect easily and work well. I would buy this again.
Easy to Use	Works as advertised
Awesome!	Well built. Has functioned flawlessly.  Perfect size and configuration for travel. Very happy with this purchase.
Thumbs Up!	I really like my USB C Hub 7 in 1 Multiport Adapter. I like that all 3 of the USB ports are 3.0. The adapter is small, portable, and easy to transport. What I found strange is there are only 6 input ports, not 7. The product should be called 6 in 1 Multiport Adapter.
Amazing Product!	This adapter is excellent to connect new MacBook laptops to HDMI, has three USB ports and SD and TF slots. Works extremely well. It is light weight and does not overheat. Highly recommended!
compact solid attachment	Worked perfectly.
Plug and Play	Fits tightly, transfers data from USB A male to USB C male like I needed it to. Would recommend.
Solid and works well.	I've been using this for about a week, and so far it's given me no trouble. It's very convenient, as I can plug in the HDMI cable and mouse and keyboard USBs into the adapter and only need the plug the USB C into my laptop, allowing for a single unplug when I need to take my laptop somewhere. It also frees up the ports on the laptop itself, which leaves an ample amount for my personal use.
Good item	This works great.... no issue with this product, just apple for forcing us to pay more for extra accessories...
USB C Hub Multiport Adapter - 7 in 1 Portable Space Aluminum Dongle	I have several USB C hubs as i am always looking for the perfect combination of size and inputs, this one is the best i have found, especially for the price.
It just works.	Mines never worked. Returning & reordering a different brand.
Nice addition !	This product was very easy to attach my Lap/top computer two a large monitor . it had plenty of ports to attach my keyboard/mouse. My monitor now works just like my more expensive Desk/Top computer!
Great product!	Great quality and did everything I needed it to!
Fast Data Transfer	The usb c hub works perfectly for my MacBook I highly recommend.
Great for every application	Slim design, plug and play. Handy, useful and functional
Does a good job	Design provides the convenience of being out of the way when plugged in and has ports for all of my media attachments.
Awesome product	Great value for this!
Great product	It works great on trips and is quite durable.
Good product, but...	My macbook pro came with no usb port. ONly two USB-C ports so this worked well. It has 7 ports attached to it - 3 standard USB ports, 1 HDMI port with vivid 4K video output that transfers media in seconds with 3D effect, 2 SD card slots (one Micro SD) for superior data-storing versatility, and a USB - C power Delivery charging connector. I use it all the time, and so far so good. I actually bought two. one for another family member.
Very Durable	This comes in handy when I need multiple things plugged in that isn't apple base. The HDMI plug came in handy.
Very compact	This USB hub works so well at a fraction of the price that Apple charges. I am able to use my wireless mouse,  keyboard,  and portable HD. I def. recommend purchasing one.
Great product!	This is very compact and well made.
Multiport Adapter	It’s good
Wont work with only Samsung note 9	This adapter is great and comes with exactly the ports I need. I use a dual monitor at home, so having the HDMI is great. I also edit photos so having both sizes of SD card slots is perfect. They could have just had the large one and expected buyers to get a micro SD card adapter, but they included both sizes so you don't have to worry. The best part about the product is that it has the cord where it plugs into the laptop, instead of being fixed. The problem with the fixed ones is that they don't have any flexibility, so the setup might not be the way you want it. Because this product has the cord you can set it up however you want. As for functionality, I don't notice any lag from anything plugged into it, dual monitor, SD cards, plug in mouse, flash drives, etc. They all work perfectly so the adapter is doing its job well.
Worth every penny!	This USB C hub is perfect. I originally ordered a different style that plugged directly into my Mac without a cord and hated it. It always wanted to come unplugged while I was using it. This new USB hub however is great. It handles all of my devices at once including an sd card and external hard drive. Don't hesitate to buy this style of adaptor.
Yes yes yes! A MUST buy for any new Mac users!	Nice product. Feels sturdy and strong. It's not terribly big. Exactly what I needed. The ones at the store were around 50 bucks. This does just fine compared to in store products.
Nice addition !	Just received. Nice construction. Very handy and good compatibility.
All the ports you need	Love this adapter.  With some laptops now only coming with the USB-C type port, this is a must-have to have in my computer bag.  Super slim with so many other port options makes this the perfect travel adapter that will meet all of my needs.
Extremely durable. You want these with a hard connect as this product has because it lasts longer.	Loved it! Works great
Great Product	I use this for my macbook pro and it is amazing.
Great product!	The product is awesome. The only feedback i would like to give is the c-cable should be little long. That is too short
Good	Good quality product for the price. Works as intended with no issues .
Well designed!	After 6 months of heavy use, this USB hub works perfectly and looks great with my space-gray Mac.
Finally a USBc hub that works with the iPad Pro.	I have had these in the past in they seem very fragile, this one is solid.  I just received it and it does not have a lot of wear and tear yet, but from what I can tell and from testing it, I think ill be happy with it.  And at this price point, I cant imagine paying double for others when this seems to built very well.  If it holds the test of time I will update to 5 stars.
Great all inclusive Multiport Adapter	Great product and price. Includes all necessary accessory ports missing from macbook air.
Great USB C Hub	USB thunderbolt adapter is fantastic. I own a recording studio and it over exceeded my expectations. Great product!!!!!
light weight and easy	Just what I need for additional ports for my Mac.
Great addition to my Chromebook.	I have bought this product for using with my Macbook Pro. I use it with no issue. I decided to get this device because it had other uses than just a USB, for example I can use the HDMI slot to connect  my MacBook with my monitor and it works vey good. And also, But the other great feature is that I able to plug in my SD and mini SD card. I am so glad to purchase this adapter. Great product!
Very good, not perfect	I find this to be a great quality product for a very affordable price. The video quality is outstanding. There are many ports that make it really convenient for travel. And on top of it all, it supports Samsung DeX. The only downside, which I hadn't realized when I purchased it, is that when it is used with a phone, there is no way to keep the phone charging. So, while it is great for doing something quickly, it won't work for extended usage during the day. Not an issue with the product, but something that buyers should keep in mind.
Good product	Great Product.  Small and Compact for My Mac book for business travel.
Great product, just I was looking for	Connected printer, label maker, SanDisk card, laptop immediately and effectively
Longevity of item very very short	This product has worked very well the past few months. It is small and light weight, and works great with my new apple laptop that only came with the 2 small USB C ports. I have used the sd card reader and USB ports.  I have not used the HDMI port, or micro usb yet, but its nice to have them when I need them.  I would definitely purchase this again.
This is exactly what was advertised	It is very handy and sleek. Very light weight and easy to carry. Its performance is really great. I can easily connect many devices at a time. This is perfectly what I wanted. I am absolutely loving it.
Excellent hub that does the job	Wish the HDMI was compatible through USB C although not all devices are updated to video output through USB type C where all models 2018 and newer offer the compatiblity.Pros. Great product plenty of optionsCons usb c to hdmi only works with newer models1star increased for customer service excellent!!👍
My first time to give a review on Amazon	Hey guys. I never give any review before, but this time I am really upset by the product. It works perfectly for the first two months, but the HDMI port doesn't work any more after.  The most unpleasant thing is that I never get any replies from the seller.  I don't know if this defect is rare or not, but I suggest you buy a different product..
Gets the job done	Very nice and the connectors are tight
Awesome adapter...	I have this adapter for a couple of months and I use it everyday, it works perfect. I am very satisfied and I totally recommend it.
Fantastic value and great performance	I got this for my new MacBook air and I've absolutely loved it. Very easy to get working and it has a nice little white LED on it to let you know that its working and connected. I often just leave the USB connectors for my external mouse and keyboard plugged in so I don't lose the small USB connector dongles. The workmanship is also top quality and the metal feels very strong and sleek. I already recomended it to my sister and she got one and likes it as well.
Works perfectly	This product is very compact  and works great with MacBook. Easy plug and play, and offers variety of ports to use.I love it!
One of the best out there	This device is small, so it's very portable, but it's powerful.  It has 3 USB plugs, both an SD and Micro SD slot and an HDMI plug.  I can plug everything I need using one port on my Macbook.  I just got it, but so far it seems to take care of all of my needs.
Does what it should	I'm very much happy with my new purchase USB C HUB adapter 7 in 1 portable space aluminum. The price is very reasonable and affordable. In addition, it doesn't heat up even for how long connected to my laptop.
Great Product! Very Compatible and reliable	Ordered this for my HP x360 Spectre. This thing worked perfectly for my needs. I was able to expand my USB ports and output my HDMI so I could show photos from my screen to the TV for family. The device is small so it's easily portable and I've had no problems so far with my Windows 10 system.
FlePow USB 3.1 Type C Docking Portable, light weight and great price	I bought this item so I could use a mouse & keyboard while also being connected to dual monitors with my Macbook. This product is lightweight and not at all bulky. The cord is long enough so that the ports aren't cluttered around the laptop but it is short enough so you don't end up with knots of cords. It is very small and easy to transport as it would probably fit in any laptop case. I haven't used the memory card slots yet but I know that I am happy to have them available and I won't need to buy another adapter. I think an underrated part of this product is the location of all the ports. The HDMI port being on the end and not amongst the USB ports is a small detail but a vital one. I could imagine it being a lot more disorganized had it been the other way around. All around great product.
Works great!	I like the small size and the fact that it only takes up one of the USB-C ports on my MacBook Air. It seems to be constructed well. Doesn’t seem to run hot like the reviews on some of the other, similar hubs indicate. I haven’t used all the ports so I will update the review if necessary, but so far so good.
Very Useful Device	We ordered this hub based on the reviews.  It performs just as advertised and allows us to be completely mobile with access to all of our important peripherals and accessories - WITHOUT INTERFERING WITH THE WIFI.  The connections feature micro-disc and regular SCAN-disc, multiple USB ports, and HDMI.  As a team shooting on location video, this is a big benefit to us.  The customer service has also been great and we'd definitely order again.
Very Durable	Works as described.
?	Works great, feels great, no problems.
Satisfied with product	A must have with the new Mac air.  Size perfect for portability.
Solid and works well.	This is a great quality product which is easily configured  with all device hookups. Highly recommend.
USB C 7 in 1 hub.	I got this for my MB Pro and to be honest I wasn't expecting the level off quality. It does what It says and the color matches my Mac. Great product and great price
USB C 7 in 1 hub.	Perfect solution to the never ending changes to Apple products. Ugh. These worked out great so we bought them for all of our laptops. Highly recommend
FlePow USB 3.1 Type C Docking Portable, light weight and great price	This is the perfect adapter for my new MacBook. I like that it has more than just USB ports. It’s also smaller and more portable than the one I had for my old laptop (by a different company just to be clear). It’s nice to be able to use it with a laptop case on also. It will definitely be easy to travel with if needed. Also the finish of it matches the finish of my MacBook (space gray) which makes everything look more cohesive. Overall really liking this so far!
Works just as described and has a nice weight to it - real metal	This hub is absolutely fine, it does the job -the small issue is that the short cable connects to a small laptop just fine, but it kind of dangles. I don't know what works better - a longer cable so that I can put the hub where ever I'd want it to be, or hub that just hard connects in like a docking station. That's just a light issue, but it works exactly as needed.
Excellent Multi-@ort Adapter for All My Electronics While I Travel	This product was just what I needed for my new laptop which only had two USB ports. Not only does it have the extra ports I need, but it is also lightweight and easy to transport. I highly recommend this product.
Disappointed	I liked the idea of this product as my new macbook pro only came with the 2 usb-c ports, so this was helpful. However, after using only a couple times originally, I’m not sure if it stopped working or my computer was having issues, but I was unable to hook my phone up to the laptop, was unable to use the webcam I was trying to set up, and it just wasn’t working. I’m quite disappointed in the product as I was real hopeful for it to continue working when I needed it.
Works like a charm	I love this hub. All my ports in one hub is great.
Love it	I use HDMI and USB. It works great
So far, so good!	Aesthetic and durable, the design is great and offers exactly what I need for work! The casing & size is durable and sleek for travel and daily use.
Very functional - great design, super lightweight- works great!	Great product, works as expected and high quality material. Very satisfied with the purchase!Update: it’s been weeks since I’ve done this review and still have not received the free gift like they promised. Just a heads up if you were looking forward to it like me.
Why i like this product?	It is very convenient for use with laptops and phones; especially, when travelling with the need for data / image transfer.
Great USB-C Hub	Works great. Lots of ports. No issues.
Must have for your Macbook!	Bought this for my MacBook Pro 13 inch. Does what it should do haven’t had problems with it. All ports work. I have not overused it with multiple things connected to it so I’m not 100% sure of its capacity. I dropped it a few times still intact. Really good product so far. Only thing I just waiting on is how solid the cord is cause it’s plasticy and not very flexible. Other than that 5/5 solid buy.
Fast Data Transfer	Super Fast data Transfer... Not a single complaint. It matches with my laptop.
USB Port unstable	The quality is excellent  no error nothing coming recognizing right away 100 and 10 percent I recommend
It works !	This is a great adapter.  Gives any laptop or ipad multiport options.  Works perfectly!
Works for multiple devices	I've had it for a while now and I have had zero problems with it. The cord is somewhat un-flexible but other than that it is a fantastic product.
Great material, super convenient for using	Great material and super convenient for bringing to somewhere else. I like the outer shell of it, oddly smooth. It could be used immediately without any installment. It has 3 spot for usb and 2 spot for microSD. Very satisfied of this purchase!
Very useful product reasonably priced	I am very satisfied with this adapter. It is working well for my laptop (LG gram).
High Quality and Useful Product	Great gadget to have! 7-in-1 USB C hub, perfect for all my needs.
Excellence	So far so good.
It does the job!	Great product that expands the number of ports I have on my laptop. Highly recommend this hub.
Good Quality	Seems cool, I liked the form factor but windows wouldn't recognize it so I couldn't actually get another screen hooked up.
Good product, but...	I occasionally need to set up my laptop as a desktop computer, with a second screen, USB mouse, etc. When I got my new MacBook Pro it only had two USB Type-C ports. This USB C Hub Multiport Adapter allows me to continue to use my existing desktop hardware with my new computer, simplified by only having to plug in power into one of the MacBook ports and the adapter into the other port.The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is that it would be nice to have one or more pass-through USB-C ports in the hub just in case I get any new USB-C devices in the future.
Fit perfectly into my MacPro	Great product, works as advertise.
Great price in for a quality product	Easy to use and works very well with my laptop.
Sleek, Slim & Stylish	Light and Easy to use. Nice color and convenient.
easy to use	this product arrives quickly and intact. It is way smaller than I expected. I especially like the slim design--its small and sharp. It works great!
Great value. Works real well.	Well made, works well, feels sturdy...good price!  What's not to love???
Great addition to IPad Pro	This is exactly what I needed for my iPad all in one. Transfer files, save to flash drive and present on a hdmi monitor or HD tv. I have recommended this to other iPad users. I’d definitely buy again!
The device works as promised	The thermal performance is surprisingly GOOD! It keep cool even after long use. (Unlike my precious adaptor that get crazy hot)
Versatile	Works well, what I needed. No issues
Great Product!	Works as expected on both tablet and phone.
Reliable and effective	It works Perfectly!
Compact & durable	perfect for my needs... enough ports and priced well
Good Product	I recently bought the new macbook air and this came in very handy. I had 2 external hard drives that I needed to connect from my old laptop that did not require USB-C to back up and restore my laptop. I initally thought it was going to slow down my computer since there are too many plugged in but it did not. An affordable great buy! Thank you for this. I highly recommend!
Great product	The speed when connected is very good. It also matches the color of my macbook.provides ample of ports which are missing on a mac. USBC connector make sure the speed is faster.
Works just as described and has a nice weight to it - real metal	I really prefer this product over ones that connect to two USB-C Ports. Those are usually faulty and looses connection most of the time. I really like this model because of all the inputs that aren’t included. I recently got a new MacBook and so I wanted something that gave me back all the connections I had with my old laptop which were hdmi, usb, and sd card slot. Now with this I get that plus more! And you can always count on knowing when it’s working if the light indicator is on. Also it’s very hard for the cable to disconnect and that’s great. Overall, very satisfied with this product.
Bang for buck	I bought this for my daughter and she loves it! It has all the ports she might need, small, portable, and light weight!
High Quality and Useful Product	A fraction of the cost compared to the Apple store and works great so far in past few weeks.
Thumbs Up!	great for portable connectivity USB-C Pro, has lot many ports and great for connectivity to hdmi port and SD card reader microsd card and 3 usb ports to connect. so many connectivity.
En tiempo	Súper bueno,
Good for travel	Maybe dumb but I didn't even notice the new macbooks didnt come with ports. When i realized i was annoyed but this purchase was a quick fix and exactly what we were looking for. So far i have only used it for the usb port for connecting a printer or wireless mouse but it seems to be exactly what we needed. Small and fits right into the laptop sleeve so we don't lose it.
Works great!	Se nota que es de muy buena calidad
Great USB-C Multi-Port Adapter for Mac	This little gem fit the bill. I added an external monitor to my MacBook Air which has NO USB ports and using this, I am able to connect the monitor using HDMI, external DVD burner/player, scanner, and still have room for a third USB device. Have not used either card slots yet but I am certain they will work well.
Very well built hub. Perfect for MacAir 2018	The hub is handy and reasonably priced. The USB throughput for data is great, but there isn't enough current to charge my iPad through it. Annoying! Also, the short cord is really too short.  A little longer would be better.
A must-have adapter for Macbook	This is a great Multiport Adapter.  I constantly use 5 of its 7 slots.  very efficient and space-saving for me !
Best bang for your buck!	Useful USB port extension hub. Works great on USB C on my HP laptop. The video quality through the HDMI extension is great. Well worth the cost
Very compact and efficient	It’s an excellent product. All ports are working perfectly. It’s slimmer and lighter weight too. I like it very much. Recommend it.
The multiport adaptor works	I have used the adapter on a Mac Book Pro and it does work.  However I need to keep the Logitech mouse on another adapter because it was interfering.
It has all the connections I was looking for	I'm primarily comparing this hub to one of my previously purchased hubs, the HooToo 6-in-1 (https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B072268Q68/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_search_asin_title?ie=UTF8&psc=1).Compared to that one, this hub has similar speeds. It has 1 MicroSD slot instead of the 100W DC-in port of the other one. This hub doesn't heat up over time in use or passively plugged in.Asides from those comparisons, this hub works as you would expect a hub to, plug and play, supports multiple connections at once on USB (not multiple SD cards at the same time).Overall, it's small, doesn't heat up, and works well. I recommend it for general use and traveling!
Buenísimo producto	Perfect for my MacBook pro I can finally record music again.
Versatile!	Very solid quality overall, been using it for A few months now no complaints
Great product	Very nice.
Just as described; better than expected	This product is very handy for the new Macbook pro. Multiple ports, super light and compact, so its easy to carry. It also comes in space grey. Recommend this product.
Great product!	Works well, nice package.  A lot of useful interfaces.
Works great!	Great companion for my MacBook - metal body, small, works great, good price!
Great product.	so far, no issues. Very small and compact but still solid
Great USB-C Hub	Purchased to connect my computer to an AV system with a large screen TV and audio system for presentations.  Also used the USB port for a pointer  / slide advancer.  Everything integrated seamlessly.Slim, sturdy, lightweight...travels easy.
The device works as promised	The product works as expected and allowed me to set up two monitors (my laptop has only one HDMI port) and is essentially a cheap (but good) docking station.
great choice	Review is solely based on the fact that the adapter never worked.  I DO NOT recommend this at all.
great quality	Great product at a good price. Helped me transfer my files easily.
Great Quality	Perfect for my all-in-one Desktop computer, which only had 3 USBs.  With this USB Hub, I am back in business again.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
Better Than Paying $90 For A Dongle!	Nice build quality. Trouble free set up. I used it to transfer video from a memory stick to my MacBook Pro, and to download files from a micro SD card in my Akaso video camera. I’ve had it for a couple of weeks now and have seen no issues.
Great Stocking Stuffer!! Must Have Gadget for Mac with USB-C port!!	I bought this for my daughter for her first year in college because I did not know what she would come across for data storage (SD micro SD) and connections needed (USB, HDMI) and if I wanted her to use it needed to be mobile.  All I can say is that my daughter has thanked me for the purchase because it has been useful in whys she didn't think of . For one example her and her dorm mates can play movies form her computer using the HDMI output to a nearby monitor and she and her friends can watch movies together.
Solidly built - works well	Exactly what I needed for the great price.
Works as intended for a great price!	I’m glad I bought this product. I’ve bought others similar too this but would heat up really fast after I had many things connected. I am a very busy man and I’m happy that this product works well for my liking.
Excellent product	I love how thin and compact the item is. Won't take up too much space. Perfect for a student on the go!
Great Value	Works very good with my MacBook Pro 2019, no issues so far. Does not get hot while in use.Highly recommended.
exactly what I was looking for	This USB hub works perfectly with my XPS 13. It has a solid construction and a variety of ports that allow me to connect everything into this device. Recommended
Excellence	Perfect for throwing into my briefcase for on the go work with my Air. I wouldn't mind seeing either an other usc c port for daisy chaining and/or a network port but still strong for the cost.
The multiport adaptor works	This little gadget allows me to print anywhere. Connect my computer to my TV and a host of other wonderful things. So happy I purchased this.
My first time to give a review on Amazon	Works well for me so far. I was recommended to buy a USB hub after I got my MacBook Pro 2017. Have no idea that it only has two USB-C plug in. Has to get a connector to connect my big monitor (important since I do a lot of work at home) and wireless mouse. It’s a plus that my Alexa can also be charged with it.
Great features!	My laptop doesn't have standard USB ports....just the USB C sized...so I had to get an adapter right off the bat. It worked fine until I realized I needed an SD card port, which it didn't have. I found this one in an Amazon search, and am happy to say that it covers all my needs at the moment and some extra that I will probably find out I need at some point down the line. It's great for travel, too! Highly recommend it!
Good adapter	I have used this adapter with my Macbook Pro. It works! Thank you
good but not for connecting laptop to monitor	Works great, no complaints.
Very good, not perfect	My mom bought a new MacBook computer but didn’t have a way to use the ports that Apple no longer has in their computers.  When we needed a way to get use of a USB port as well as others, we found this device.  It’s been very handy and easy to use and now allows us to use ports that were previous included with older version computers for thumb drives, etc.  The price was very affordable and product quality was super.  I’d definitely recommend to others looking for similar needs.
Easy to Use	Great!
This is amazing for MacBook Pro !!	This was simple to plug and play, worked great!
Great all in one device.	Fantastic addition to my ipad pro!!
Very high quality!	My laptop (Dell) and my work laptop (mac) have cut allllll other inputs for USB C. This item has helped to address the fact that all of my hardware is still USB and the ability to connect to HDMI in a far cheaper way instead of replacing everything.
This works really well!	Great connector, easy use and good durable material
What I was looking for!!	Works exactly as described!
So far, so good!	This Product is extremely handy and useful.I have been using it since a while now and haven’t experienced any issues.Would Highly recommend it to everyone looking for a adaptor.
Very convenient to coral everything in one place	I have had this for months often using most of the ports at the same time and I have never had a problem! I wondered if having this many inputs be channelled into one USB-c on my laptop would be a problem, but it isn't! It looks high quality and looks nice with my mac. So happy I got this instead of paying $70 for the Apple one.
Great product.	This is a good product. Came in very good shipping box and the build quality is very robust. Functions as advertised.
Good USB-C hub to connect a 2nd display on Macbook Pro	Just got the item and tried it, so far I can’t complain about anything. Looks solid, hope it’s going to last long.
Works	While I can't speak on the actual functionality of this device because it didn't work with my LG G7 Thinq I can say the overall material and size were great.
Would buy again!	Excellent product
Nice addition !	I went to best buy and they were selling similar items for $99.So happy to find this for much cheaper.So far so good.
High Quality	Works great, small for traveling, plenty of adapting ports
Works as expected	I use one of the usb-A ports for an ethernet-usb adapter; works great with my XPS13. 4k@30hz works great (usb-c doesn't support 4k@60 + data over the same wire; have to get a dedicated adapter for that). No spot for input power, but that's as advertised and it's much cheaper than options with power.
Bang for buck	It works exactly like its supposed to- I have no complaints. I'm glad I found an affordable alternative.
Great Value	Works perfectly with the 2019 MacBook Pro Catalina 10.15.3
Great value.	Awesome product !! I really recommend !
Exactly what I wanted	I use it for link my Mac to a larger screen, but it is also good for USB mouse and keyboard. It's been 2months and works well. Will see how long it lasts.
Does what it should	Really happy with this! The build quality is nicer than I was expecting and it's lightweight for it's metal body. It works great and I love it so far.
Works great!	You wont be sorry if you buy this doc it works perfectly and is very fast.Don't spend your money on more expensive ones, when this will do the same thing.plus it's easy to pull from your bag and plug it right in and remove when you are doneand it snaps in so it will stay secure and wont fall out. Also work's with windows 10 pc's that have a usb C port.It has every kind of port you need I plug mine into my 4k tv for a second monitor. good stuff !!!
Good product	Purchased this adaptor for my MacBook air. Works great and offers multiple choices for connectivity. Easy to use and not too bulky.
Great USB-C Multi-Port Adapter for Mac	The connection to monitor works great! But I have noticed that for some reason, this adapter slows down and freezes up my mouse and my keyboard.  I take my laptop to work and dock it there too, my work office has a dell brand type c adapter and my exact same mouse and keyboard work great there. That's they only issue I have with this adapter is that it stalls the mouse/keyboard.
Good Product	The reason I wanted to buy a dock is that the one I had would not connect to iOS devices. I searched many such devices and nailed down to this one because Fakespot says the reviews are authentic. After I got it, I immediately tested and it connects well to my iOS devices. It is also a lot smaller than I thought. If it keeps working I would be very happy with the purchase.
Very handy!	it works as it advertised so far. I've had this product for a week now and I've been streaming Netflix from my computer to my TV through the HDMI adapter. Super helpful and no problems so far.
Good product	i found this product in excellent quality and easy to use
Very useful	It’s an extremely useful dongle, only quirks I have is the wire feels janky but else wise it’s amazing. The ability to connect my tv and watch movies or use my keyboard to do work is amazing.
Works as advertised	I travel a lot and used to have to grab a lot of cords for all my electronics. Now i just grab the charging base and go. Really convenient and portable
Versatile!	Sleek professional look with multiple ports!! great product!!
It has all the connections I was looking for	My laptop only had 2 USB ports and a type C port and this provides me with the ability to connect all my devices. I've also used both the full size and micro SD card ports and both work really well. I can't speak for the HDMI port because my laptop's type C port does not support it.
Superior product and service	I purchased the USB C Hub Multiport Adapter several weeks ago. I wanted to put it "threw its paces" before submitting a review.  It has performed superbly with my MacBook PRO.  Its versatility is excellent.  With so many different connectors out there, this adapter saves me time and money.  Apple uses only the Type C port on the MAC.  This adapter makes it possible to use all of my existing accessories without purchasing individual adapters. Again, it has been a money and time saver since all of the hubs are in one convenient package.  Unlike some other adapter hubs I have used, this unit has been 100% reliable.  It was well worth purchasing.  I highly recommend it to you.
a very necessary product	great design, the cable should have been 5 cm longer.
Very very happy	Works as described!  Would recommend!!
Reliable and effective	Great
Works GREAT!	I picked this up after realizing my new mac had a whole different USB scheme than my old MBP.It's worked flawlessly with USB and HDMI. Connections are all snug and I've got no qualms.
Portable, solid, and well-made	The product didn’t work for me. One endI connected through laptop Type3 connector and other end I connected the external monitor through HDMI connector but that didn’t work for me
Best	Works great does exactly as promoted.
Worst device	Great product at a great price!
Why i like this product?	It has been working perfectly since I got it. I mostly use the USB port and it does the job. Great for traveling also since it’s compact.
Very convenient to coral everything in one place	Have been using this for the last couple of days. Needed an USB A port for my mac BookPro. This has a HDMI that allows me to connect to an external monitor and works great. Use the USB 3.0 ports to connect to external mouse, keyboard and HDD to the MAC. This size is pretty compact and works very well for me.
Very high quality!	Seems solid and well made.  I was able to show my Power Point presentations from my phone. I can't get it to respond when I connect it to my Samsung  Tablet, but I suspect I may need to look at settings on my device.  So far I like it.  I think it will do what I need it to do.
Easy to use and good quality	Keeps intermittently disconnecting from the monitor. It's junk.
Exactly what I needed all-in-one	I've used this to offload footage from camera cards to multiple drives. Data speeds seems to be decent, and the connections don't come lose.
Great product for the value!	Price was great and the hub works great.
Very solid build and portable for the price.	I liked that received this product quickly and it is all in one type of adapter, medium sized so difficult to loose it or forget it anywhere.
Great sleek and sturdy semi-compact product.  * 4.5/5 *	This little device is perfect - especially when a lot of us are working from home. I can plug in my external monitor, mouse, and flash drive all using the same one port on my Macbook. I can charge my laptop at the same time easily. Only one device to carry around and it is small and light. I use this constantly and haven't had any issues with it.
Worth it's price	I work for me
This  USB hub is great!	great product
Good product	I needed something simple and functional and this worked great!
Functional	Love this little hub. I bought a MacBook Pro and it only has the new USB C port so nothing plugs into it!!! It has all of the ports that my HP notebook had plus card slots. With this device all of my peripheral devices work: the printer, the portable hard drives, the wireless keyboard, and even the portable disk drive.  It even has an HDMI port so I can use the TV as a monitor. Many of the USB C hubs do not have an HDMI port. I haven’t tried the card slots yet. It is small, sleek, and feels solid.
All in one	Excellent product, very reliable, compact and convenient.
Reliable and effective	it works very well
HDMI port does not work very well	I like the fact that it is very well made and that it has connections for all your devices.  I would order this again.
Highly recommend	good build quality and matches my space gray macbook perfectly
Awesome!	Very cool product. Compact. My MacBook Air has very few ports, this simple device solves all of those issues beautifully. Works great! As described.
Good adapter	My fault for not reading carefully- just saw Amazon choice and ordered what I thought was a USB multiplier to add ports to a Laptop- but it doesn't plug into a USB port- made for phones??- so no use to me.
Awesome product	Because I work in the mass communications field, I bought this product to be able to use the multiple types of ports at once.  It has worked wonderfully and I have had no issues with it.  I would deffinitely buy again and likely will as I gain more equipment.
Great product	Crazy fast delivery! Got it the next day, looks great, low profile, exactly what I was looking for!
Love it!	This is a great gadget to have in your bag for the new MacBooks. It allows me to connect everything I need to my computer. Small and easy to carry.
Great Product	Works as expected.
Excellence	La calidad es muy buen
Better Than Paying $90 For A Dongle!	Very useful, everything I need
Works Well	Haven't had the chance to test out the ssd and hdmi ports yet but everything else works fine and the build quality feels great.
Works better than my other purchase that cost substantially more...	It works for HDMI, two portable external hard drives (1TB&2TB) at the same time. The hard drive worked slower than usual, but HDMI worked perfectly.The only problem: My Mac only got one Type-C, so while charging, I can’t use the hub.
Very good quality, works perfectly	For my 15” MacBook this dongle is excellent. Having three USB ports allows me to plug in multiple devices and in particular I love that the HDMI is at the end of the dongle. The price is outstanding, it allows me to toss one in my back and have it with me at all times and leave one connected to my external monitor and peripherals at home.
Gets it done	Sleek and light weight. The only problem Ive had is that one of the USB ports is faulty and works 50% of the time. Ive changed cables and troubleshooted that it wasn't a bad cable.
Works great and we use it daily it’s been a great thing to have.	My external 1TB WD passport does not work with this adapter. All other features are great!
Allows eternal connection to your usb c computers	I use a Mac Book and the Multiport adapter is a lifesaver! I can now use my thumb drive and backup files from other devices. Wonderful product!
exactly what I was looking for	I've used this for about a week. Works perfectly with my Samsung Notebook 9 Pro. Exactly what I needed.
A great recommend !	It has got great build quality. And port selection.Very light.I have used it for like a month and can't comment on longevity.
Easy to use.	Order arrived as described and on time. So far no issues. Would recommend.
Works like a charm	Looks just like photo and works great! no problems
Multiport Adapter	Very convenient and useful product!!
Great product!	This is a really great product for it's price! Mac hubs can get pretty expensive, but this was a great price and is of pretty good quality as far as I can tell. It has all the ports I need, while still leaving one open USB-C port on my computer free. It works very well and is a great size for traveling!
One of the best out there	Video quality is great, I use this thing a lot - more and more computers are coming with only USB-C ports so it comes in handy quite often.  I work in IT and keep it in my bag, I use it almost daily.  It works great and the USB ports are fast.  Very happy with my purchase!
4K HDMI works well	This USB-C Hub works great as advertised. It works for 4K HDMI and has a solid build quality!
Very useful product reasonably priced	All ports work - feels just like the $65 Satechi one they sell at the Apple store!
Does what it should	I love this hub! It is small enough to fit in a computer bag pocket and expands the limited ports. It has functioned flawlessly! I highly recommend this item for the MacBook Pro!
received ; as advertised	Just what you need
Awesome, works great!	I've had others like this, but they were bigger, and actually had fewer ports. I lost the last one I had, but this item was cheap enough that I could buy it for literally 1/3 of its cost at Best Buy. I have one for my office, and one I carry in my bag. Now I'll never have to worry about being without one for my Macbook Pro.
convenient	I bought this for my new mac, and it worked perfectly ever since
Very well built hub. Perfect for MacAir 2018	My daughter got a new Mac and it did not have a built in card reader at all. She is a college student and wanted to have something for flash drives, etc and for a little more versatility. We purchased this one. She has had it for a few months and is very pleased with it! It works as intended, and looks to be very durable as well. Thanks for a great product at a reasonable price.
Great!	This product was exactly what I needed for my  HP Spectre.  I can plug in multiple items at once and they all worked great!
love it	New laptop has limited USB ports and this really helps with expanding the USB-C connection.  I've got an SD card, backup hard drive and HDMI cable attached with no issues.  Even used it to transfer from an SD card to a micro SD card with no issues.
Buenísimo producto	This product was exactly as described and functions great. Like all the different options it provides!
Works great.	Bought this to use with our all in one system.  Great utility that makes it so I don't have to reach around behind the screen.
Good product	7 in 1 is Enough for basic use
Versatile	I like how versatile the hub is and all the ports work amazing.
Solid Adapter	Not compatible with iPhone switching TV
Great product at a great price.	Works just as represented and looks great.
This is exactly what was advertised	Great
Great USB C Hub	With a mandatory working from home setup, this adapter was a must-have to my macbook to accommodate all the peripherals needed. My employer had already purchased one, but that could only support one hdmi, so with this 2nd adapter,  I can now quickly and properly support 2 additional hdmi monitors.The 3 usb3 ports are great for the bt keyboard and mouse. It's light weight and easy to transport in a backpack or small suitcase. Great job!
highly recommend!!	As described, matches color with my macbook pro, lightweight slim fits anywhere and works perfectly fine.
Great USB C Hub	Absolutely love the product, works well and durable.
Solid Build Fair Price	I needed this to add more USB ports to my laptop for an online class I'm going to. It works exactly how I needed it to!
Great product!	Very well made.
Worth every penny!	This product helps a lot connecting to monitor. No problems at all very portable and working great
great choice	simple and has just what I need for my Macbook Air
Works well, but USB response jittery when using in combination with HDMI	This product only worked if I moved the cord a certain way. Will be returning as it is defective.
Great Customer Service	This is the Swiss army knife for laptops. I can simultaneously connect my headphones, 2 external harddrives and download video from my SD card. I've also used this to connect my laptop to a TV using the HDMI port on this. Well, worth the money.
It works with the New 2018 IPad Pro 11”	Works great -- the only issue I have is that when I plug my mouse into the USB-A port, my mouse is a little slower than I'd like. I don't know why. Maybe I need to use a USB-C mouse?The SD slot works fine. Haven't tested the HDMI port yet.
All in one	Perfect! Just what I was looking for
GREAT FOR TRAVEL	Works perfectly, i would recommend it to a friend
Works well	I have a MacBook Pro and had originally purchased an Apple dongle for a much higher price. We had issue after issue and after only a year, have to now throw it out and buy a new one. We found this USB Hub Pro on Amazon in no time and saw rave reviews, but now that we have it, we are not disappointed. Every issue we had with the Apple dongle has been easily fixed as a result of the make of this flexible, loaded hub. We love it...should last us a while!
Great product!	I was a little nervous to buy an attachment that wasn't apple for my Mac, but it works perfectly!
received ; as advertised	The product is very durable and compact for travel. It fits nicely in my carry on bag for use with my Microsoft Surface.
Many IO options	The perfect gadget I have brought in years, I hope it works on my new surface laptop that is on delivery, can't wait to try it.
Many IO options	Handy for many IO applications.
Good Product	Purchased this for my Microsoft Surface Laptop 3 and it has yet to fail me. Portable design for easy on-the-go access and enough USB ports to be functional from both a personal and professional standpoint.Added feature for the next product iteration that would be nice is another HDMI port for triple monitors.
A simple way to turn a laptop into a full desktop setup	I am totally impressed by the sleek design and durability of this adapter the most! It has a space gray metal casing that perfectly goes with my MacBook! And of course, it does everything I need it to. With VDI, USB, SD and Micro SD card slots it's perfect for my travel needs and even at my home workstation. I have been using it for more than 3 months now, and no complaints so far. I wish it has a LAN option too, but hey, we live in the WiFi world and I would not mind getting an USB adapter for that if needed given that it has 3 USB slots! I would recommend this product for all travelers who like simple yet classic accessories to fit in their already crowded bag.
Solid Build Fair Price	Purchased this back in Fall 2019 to make my 2019 MacBook Pro Thunderbolt 3 ports compatible with USB.  I've only tested the USB ports and everything seems to work great. Now I'm able to connect my iPhone while transferring files from a  thumb drive.  If you're looking for a relatively inexpensive solution to your port incompatibility problem, I would recommend buying one of these.
High quality and phenomenal price!!	At first this looked perfect but upon use, the usb connections get constantly interrupted slowing down external mice as well as any other device connections that run through it.  Frankly, it just doesn't work well.
Finally a USBc hub that works with the iPad Pro.	This little device works great! I bought a new laptop and it only had USB C ports. With this device I can use a monitor, my wireless keyboard and mouse, and my printer. Kept me from sending my computer back.
Está  muy  bueno	Easy and Convenient to use in low price and had a great feature in one
The best mini hub for traveling	Exactly what I ordered. Light weight and slim. Only wish it included an ethernet port, but I can’t complain.
Worth the money!	Good Price, good quality,  Easy install and fast speeds.
Very Satisfied	The hub works great, a seems to be durable at this point.
Great unit for excellent connectivity	I was very unsure about this tiny device working on my MacBook especially for the price. Shame on Apple for making consumers buy other devices to work with their system.My husband was going to buy one for a lot more, but I said let's try this one. He is a DJ and it works wonders!! It even helped him output for a projector to show videos. Awesome deal as far as cost and size. It so far is getting the job done.
Nice product	This is a very convenient USB hub. It is cheaper than the other ones out there but the quality is amazing. Been using it for 3 months and has caused no issues at all. Would recommend
Works well, but USB response jittery when using in combination with HDMI	Received the unit last week, and it works perfect with all functionalities: (1) USB ports, (2) HDMI and (3) Memory card.Memory card transfer to/from Mac worked fast, as well as USB Pen Drives. HDMI worked fine with LG Wide Screen Monitor.
Worth it's price	Great quality and product.
Functional	Compact and slim hub with a lot of useful ports. The unit has a solid feel and build to it, and performs as it should, without getting too hot.All 3 USB 3.0 ports are spaced out nicely to allow for the connection of a wide variety of USB devices, for reading/writing capabilities or for other connected peripherals like the mouse and keyboard. HDMI works immediately and flawlessly. The hub also removes the need to unplug and replug all my devices regularly, as I can just leave it connected to the hub and plug it back in whenever I need to use them.I've plugged in several USB devices, used both the SD card slots, and the HDMI port all at once without any issues for an extended period of time. I did not notice any lag, nor did any connections drop while using the hub. It has every port I need and all of them work without any issues at all whatsoever. The price is very reasonable for everything you are receiving in this little package. The hub is light and compact, so it's easy to carry when traveling with your computer and other electronics as well.Works great on both my MacBook Pro and my iPad Pro as well! It is very easy to use and no additional drivers are needed, just plug it in and you can start using it instantly. It solved my problems of not having enough ports on some of my devices. I would definitely recommend it to anyone who needs extra ports for their USB C devices.
A++	Excellent adapter. Perfect for what I needed and then some
Very useful	Very useful and good connection with Mac.
product was ok	I Like that it is portable.
Perfect for whatever you need an extension for	Would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a usb c hub. The material feels real durable. Its small and sleek looking easy to travel with. I use it all the time to stream sports games from my laptop to my tv.
Does the Job	This product is seriously amazing. it’s light and works perfectly. it’s a cheap price and  definitely recommend for whoever has a macbook or a computer with a usb c.
Highly recommend	Works like a charm!!!
Great value. Works real well.	Does exactly what it's supposed to do, had it for months now and it still works great!
Extremely durable. You want these with a hard connect as this product has because it lasts longer.	I have been using this product for several weeks. It definitely fit my need of additional ports. Highly recommend.
Gadget saver	a good and study product, small size, but would be much better if it can be even smaller. It missed a USB-C port which would be useful for someone with only one USB-C outlet from their device.
Convienient	Works as advertised. Compact and not up required. Would recommend.
Very solid build and portable for the price.	I wanted a simpler way to move my vacation photos from my memory card in my camera to my laptop to upload for ease of creating photo books of my travels.  This is much easier.
Recommend	This adapter does the job without having to pay an insane price. Its lightweight and easy to travel with.
Very convenient to coral everything in one place	I recently bought a MacBook Pro which has four lightning bolt ports - no USB, Firewire, Cat-5, HDMI ports or SD card reader.  I'm a photographer and most of my photos are Camera Raw on SD cards.This this device is small enough to pack in the zippered pouch that came with my laptop sleeve so I will have it handy when I travel.Please note:This USB Hub does not provide power. If you want to use a powered drive such as Apple's Super Drive, you will need a  direct connection adapter to the computer.
Great!	I really like the color of this product.
Great product.	Compact design making it easy to store and  carry around.
Works great.	This was a great USB Hub! All of the USB ports work really well with my new MacBook Pro. The Space Aluminum color looks very nice and stylish. I highly recommend this USB Hub. It is worth the money. I would definitely buy this USB Port Hub again.
Satisfied with product	Very useful and handy. Comes with everything I need.
What I was looking for!!	works well for me. Can't say much about the quality, but seems nice
Plug and play! No issues!	this product is as described.  it has proven to be very useful....works great
Just what my laptop needed	This product will do what you need it to do. It will turn your USB C port into all the ports that it offers. I used it to transfer data from two different sd cards without having to save the files on my computer first. This is an excellent product and I would recommend it to anyone that is interested in having more ports for their computer.
Very Durable	Works well - offers great connectivity options in a very compact user friendly package. Stylish looks just icing on the cake!
Perfect to travel with	Good buy.
TRASH STAY AWAY	Looks nice, seems durable, and i think it’s reasonably priced considering it can accommodate almost all kinds of ports. Works well with my Surface Go tablet/laptop and MacBook Pro.
Multiport Multimedia	Works really well to connect to my monitor. I love the quality  and great customer service
Super handy to have around!	I purchased the HUB to provide additional connectivity to my Surface Pro.  It works great.  I can connect multiple items and event connect a monitor for additional screen options.  Happy with product!
Great quality great buy	The quality is over expected. I liked the material. It covered all ports I needed.
Very good quality, works perfectly	Before buying this I tried buying another USB adapter for my Mac that had problems with the connection, it didn't recognize my iPhone, and I couldn't use the bottom part of my Macbook case. Then I decided to try this one and I loved it, I can use it without taking my case off and I don't have any problems with it, it recognizes my phone and flash drives. I would definitely buy it again.
great product	Looks good. Feels sturdy and durable.
Works as Expected	Product works great!
Very Useful	Perfect for my new MacBook Air to transfer photos from an SD card.
Works grate	The product overheat significantly during its use. And - It has stop working after 40 days. Contacted seller. Have not heard back.
Works like a charm	I purchased the FlePow hub so I could transfer all data from my old PC to my new MacBook.  It performed well.  I will use it to download data with this product again as needed.
Chromebook	I recently bought this adapter from my MacBook I purchased at Costco and this adapter works great, feels solid and fits anywhere. I recommend it to anybody.
Supreme Build Quality	I’ve only used the HDMI port, so I can’t comment on the functionality of the other ports, but it works well if you’re looking to connect an external display to your (USB-C) MacBook. The build quality seems good. My only critique would be that I wish the short cable were a bit more flexible. Other than that, I really can’t complain about it.
Great Product!	I was really satisfied with my order. The product is exactly as described, works great and is reasonably priced. I have been using this multiport for over a few months now and have not had a single issue with it.
convenient	is not so compatible with microsoft ergonomic keyboard/mouse transmitter drive
This  USB hub is great!	I was a little annoyed with the new Mac not having ports and was afraid anything I will buy will be too bulky and big.To my surprise this came as the exact size I needed for my travels, So far it looks really good quality, very happy with my purchase.
Great addition to make iPad Pro more useful	I needed a hub for a MacBook Pro. The item works fine as described. If you need to charge and dock an iPad, it works just fine.
Awesome, works great!	Had some old files I needed to transfer onto a newer laptop made without a USB port. This worked well, and I'm sure I'll use the other ports in the future. It's a little awkward to use if you're not sitting at a desk, so I recommend using large flat surface with room to support the adapter.
Inexpensive effective	Hooked it up to my tv & it didn’t work. Returning it.
exactly what I was looking for	We bought this after a way more expensive version we had bought at Best Buy, broke. This works great... easy to use... no issues! Definitely recommend.
Everything I need and more	This works well for me as I still use all of these ports.
USB C 7 in 1 hub.	Preliminary observation and quick plug-in I think this is going to be a great  multiport USB C hub.  We'll see. No more from me on this item means all is good.
Works great!	Highly recommended. Great for macbooks since they do not have any USB ports.
Works like a charm!	Great product, works perfectly with the new Macbook, lots of ports to hook all you things in.!!  I would buy again if I ever need another one.
Very easy to use	It was excellent and easy to port. I like as it is much comfortable.
Worth the money!	Works great. Very convenient. Exactly what I needed.
Excellent Multi-@ort Adapter for All My Electronics While I Travel	Really happy with this purchase. It is high quality, portable hub that makes connecting all my electronics a breeze while I travel. Thank you!
Great product, just I was looking for	This product has exceeded my expectations.  I am a college student and carry my Mac laptop on campus and this prevents me from having to carry many adapters.No issues with heat or any malfunctions.
Recommend	I satisfy this multiport adapter.  It's a nice product at a reasonable price.
Perfect for MacBook pro multitasking	Works really well, and is sleek and easy to carry around. Had it for a few months and it works great!
Super handy to have around!	Great product, great design, very look very slick. Make sure you verify if it will be compatible with your MacBook, I ordered the wrong one did my fit my laptop, but definitely plan on ordering again.
Worst device	Love the product. Fast delivery
Great product for the value!	THis product is super sleek and offers a great amount of portals. My only complaint with this dongle and others like it is that the HDMI portion stopped working 3 months in. It could have been user error, but I was frustrated with that aspect since I needed it for my powerpoints as a teacher.
Delivers the goods at a fair price.	I bought a new Dell laptop with only 2 USB ports and they were both USB-C. I have lots of 4 TB portable hard disks with the old USB plugs for backup and extra disk space. I bought this item to solve the problem. It is great. It is so small - perfect for traveling. It needs no external power for portable disks - don't know about the big disks that have an AC plug. It has fast enough transfer for me between 2 hard drives plugged into it.  I mainly use 3 USB ports at once and all seems fine. I have not yet tried the HDMI slot or the SD card slot. The only problem I have is when I want to move the laptop with all attached. The wire to this gizmo can get twisted and I think that will harm the life span of the device. So I suggest not being lazy like me - release and unplug everything from your laptop when moving it.
Works as Expected	I really like the number of ports
it's convenience to carry around!!!!!	A very compact and convenient product for the everyday traveller with a new Mac Book Pro! I highly recommend.
Metal body, good value	The color matches the space grey model perfectly, and I have no problem connecting it to any USB A port and HDMI. Everything works flawlessly! Great product
Compact but offers a lot!	This hub works much better than the previous two I tried (speed/data transfer and overheating issues on previous items of different brands). I am totally satisfied and would buy it again.
Micro as direct to ipad	This product has been great for not having these ports built into my Mac anymore. I love the many ports and ease of use. I haven't had any issues. Works quickly and does everything I need it to do.
Very well built hub. Perfect for MacAir 2018	I was blown away by the build quality of this dongle! It's certainly something you'd expect from a high-end hardware distributer. All ports work as advertised and look amazing along side the MacBook Pro. If you're into minimalistic and simple tech, this is the item for you!
Excellent product	Working as expected . Portable and easy to carry. Would have been nice if it is smaller.
Great Stocking Stuffer!! Must Have Gadget for Mac with USB-C port!!	Purchased this for my new MacBook. It does not always connect my Sandisk 3.0 USB drives to my MacBook.  I have to remove them 2-3 times and re-insert before it they are detected by the Mac.. Also, having intermittent disconnect issues. It just disconnects the drive without ejecting it, while I'm in the middle of reading or writing. The drive needs to be ejected properly and when it just disconnects, it doesn't follow proper protocol for USB ejection and can damage files. The Flepow is solidly made and has 3 USB ports. You'll only be able to insert two USB drives because they are too close to fit side by side unless you have very slim drives. I wish Apple had USB ports on their Macs. They're hardly obsolete yet!
What I was looking for!!	It's perfect, it works great with both my Samsung Note 8 and my Microsoft Surface.
Very solid build and portable for the price.	I use this to connect a monitor via HDMI to a MacBook Pro, as well as getting USB ports.  What's there to say -- it works!  The silver body looks good, it's basically the same shell as on the Mac.  It only has one HDMI port, but that's fine for my usage.  Those SD ports seem like they'll come in real handy someday!
I love it	Has everything I need and more for a great price! It
It really has all the ports	Great value for your buck
Highly recommended	I bought this to use with my Mac for a presentation I had to give. It worked great!  I've used it since a few times to download pictures from my memory card for my camera and it also worked great.  It travels well and it is light.
High quality and phenomenal price!!	I ordered one initially, and it didn't seem to work with my computer mouse - the mouse was jumping over the screen. However, the new one sent seems to be working ok and they refunded me.
Works	Have had this product a few months. Its just as advertised and works great.
Great addition to make iPad Pro more useful	I like that this product is light but sturdy which makes it a great all-around choice but also great for travel.
Great quality and value.	It came very fast in the mail. The quality was great. It’s lightweight and connects to the computer fast and effortlessly. It has an led indicator which was a great touch
Easy to use!!!	I had a previous hub where my mac would intermittently fail to recognize external drives or iOS devices plugged into it. This one works very well. I can plug and unplug different external drives/devices without a problem.
Easy to Use	Pretty impressed, very sturdy, easy to use for a good price.
USB Port unstable	I like this product because it is very easy to bring around. It is easy to transport while traveling, and just going to work/school. It is really helpful having this product to help me get through my day on my computer. I love this product, 10/10 recommend if looking for something like this
Allows eternal connection to your usb c computers	Bought this convenient adapter for my 16" Macbook pro since all the ports were USB-C on the Macbook. Product looks great and works well. Very happy with this purchase.
Did the job without fuss	I am pleased that this adapter lets me, well, use my Mac like a real computer again! xD I can read SD cards, charge my phone, connect my MP3 player, and use my hard drive. I am NOT able to use my external CD drive, hence the drop of a star. I've only owned the product for a short time, so here's to hoping it holds up! :)
4K HDMI works well	Works as described.  Portable for travel.
Delivers the goods at a fair price.	We ordered the product in early January 2020 and now it is mid May. It has been working flawless with MacBook Pro so far without a glitch. It is yet too early to tell the longevity at this point. Hope that high quality components were used in the production to make it long lasting.Got this unit to replace another brand that failed after using for a while, maybe about more than a year . That failed unit got a charging through port to the MacBook Pro and that charging port gets hot if I charge the MacBook Pro through it. Eventually, that charging port burnt out and even left a burnt mark on my table!Given that experience, I no longer want a dongle that can charge the computer as this scheme is simply not reliable. The unit ordered this time does not have this charge through function and it runs cool. This is great. When it runs cool, usually it means that it would last much longer.Advice to Mac owners: always charge your Mac using Apple stock charger. Aftermarket chargers are simply unreliable.
Multiport Multimedia	Wrong item delivered!
Works well	The USB C hub works well for HDMI and USB attachments. My laptop only has 1 USB female available and I have 2 USB attachments I need to use, one for my wireless keyboard and another for a wireless mouse. This works well to accommodate both USB attachments and as well as my HDMI cable, this makes it easier for me to just detach the USB-C hub when I need to move my laptop away from my desktop-monitor set up at home.
So worth it!!!	Product was shipped on time. Product functions as it should.
Love It!	I appreciate the compact design of this product. It is easily portable and works well with my MacBook Pro.
Great tech item for those who need more connections	Love this item!  Since my laptop doesn't have many USB-C or even an HDMI port.
Great expansion options for your USB C device	Overall, I do like this hub.  I wish the cord was longer.  I also wish it had a thunderbolt port.Works great though, and recommend if you don't care about the things above.
easy to use	Very compact but gives the flexibility that I needed. Would definitely buy this product again.
Worth every penny!	I really love this USB hub.  I use flash drives to back up my stuff, and sometimes I need to find something and not sure which flash I put it on so I can find my stuff a lot faster with this. It works great. Excellent product.
Great material, super convenient for using	The adapter is compact and perfect to use at the office, home and travel with my MacBook Pro. It was the best cost-benefit for an adapter that I found on Amazon and it did not disappoint! I am very happy with it!
Would buy again!	Great little adapter. Works well, Built strong, and has many different ports. Highly recommend.
Great!	The device is well built and compact. It replaces a larger, poorly built plastic device. Now I can conveniently carry it with my Surface computer.
Awesome adapter...	Smaller than I expected. Very compact and well made. Aluminum material feels nice. Works as advertised.
great for newer MacBook Air	The USB C HUB has plenty of ports for everything I need. There is an HDMI port and three USB ports, as well as an SD and microSD slot. I would definitely recommend buying this item.
Works great and easy to use	This products works exactly as described. Great materials, quality. A+
FlePow USB 3.1 Type C Docking Portable, light weight and great price	This was just what I needed for my new MacBook. The 3 USB ports make it accessible for me to easily save my data to a flash drive. The memory card slot is also convenient to import photos from the camera. The HDMI is the most important to be for connecting to larger screens for presentations. The size not very large so I can easily carry it in my bag. I definitely recommend this product for those with MacBooks and are on-the-go.
Great Value	I am using this for my MacBook Pro 16". I like the design and size of USB C Hub. But, some printers, such as Canon MF4150, do not work with all usb 3.0 ports in the hub. It only works with the left port, not right and middle. It should be updated.
I love it!	Works perfectly with my phone and tablet. Also great for traveling.
Makes your Macbook useful	I purchased this product mainly to connect to my HDMI monitor and my TV and it works flawlessly  I am very pleased with the product.
Nice addition !	Very useful and easy to carry.  Has strong material and is very durable.  No problems with it at all.  Has made it easy to integrate various USB devices, chargers, and HDMI cables all into a single Hub.  Uses thunderbolt communication for fast and reliable response times.
All the ports you need	Both 2 . The HDMi works but My wired APPLE keyboard is not working with the adapter. Tried other keyboards , sometime works, sometimes  don't . Most Reviews are from previous product, do not apply to this item. NOT RELATED REVIEWS. BEWARE
Fantastic value and great performance	Be warned - if it seems too good to be true, it is.  This worked for a very short period of time.  I bought it and less than two months later is stopped working. It looks like it connects to the computer but loses connection.  It becomes impossible to download or transfer data from your computer to a flash drive or phone. I kept having to plug it back in to get the computer to recognize it and then half-way through the download/upload it would stop recognizing the device.  Don't buy.
Great addition to my Chromebook.	I ordered this as a replacement for another dongle from a different company. This one handles the monitor and multiple drives without an issue. I'm quite satisfied with the product.
Very very happy	Just what I needed!! Would recommend!!
Fantastic value and great performance	I attached my wireless mouse to any of the USB ports and the mouse function goes in and out. But then if I insert the USB wireless mouse directly to my PC the mouse works perfectly. This defect is really annoying. If I hold it tightly in the USB port, then it works,  so definitely something wrong here. I even tried another Wireless mouse and had the same problem. So annoyed. I can’t return it because I threw away the box. Really disappointed
Great	Very nice packaging and compact product that works very well.
Works better than my other purchase that cost substantially more...	Works just like promised. Carry it everywhere with my mbp 2016
Game Changer Adapter! Awesome!	It works great.  You plug it in and it is off and running.  We used it with our new MacBook Pro and an older Chromebook and you just plug it in and it acts like it has always been there.  It is really small and easy to carry around.  The bonus is the HDMI output on it, which a lot of devices like this cost more for and don't always work right.  This one was seen instantly by the device and work great to plug into a TV for an extra monitor.  This was a great buy.
Amazing Product!	Compact and functional adapter that provides a great value for money at the price the seller is offering. Specially when compared to the OEM adapters that Apple sells on their website. Additionally, this feels like a really high quality product made from a similar material as the MacBook Pro laptop so it goes really well with it. Would recommend this to anyone who owns a MacBook Pro and wants connect USB accessories to the laptop's USB-C port.
Great USB-C Hub	Easy to use and is holding up well with infrequent use.
Works Great	So great! Good quality
Works like a charm	Lightweight and easy to use and pack for travel.  Have not been able to connect other drives Nd ha e my new MacBook recognize the drives for the transfer of data.
5 Star product	the materials are great and great quality !!
Has everything you need	This USB hub was perfectly compatible with mac pro. It compact but still provides me with all the ports I need on a day to day basis. I would 100% recommend this product!
So worth it!!!	Worked great better then expected
Great material, super convenient for using	well built, great price, and needed for the new MacBook pros.
Great Quality	This item gets the job done. The only thing I would change about the item is the chord that connects to the laptop. I use mine infrequently so it's still okay, but I can see it wearing down with more use.
Works perfectly	especially because the MacBook Air does not have the ports that this adapter provides.The price is also very good.
Works as described	Very sleek and well built. Highly recommended!
Very very happy	Very good very happy with everything  will buy again
Awesome product	I needed a dongle for my new Macbook that connect with my older devices and was surprised by the quality of this one.  The ones I saw in stores were around $60 so I gave this one a try.  Great build quality, all metal and the color even matches my Macbook.  Highly recommend.
Superior product and service	After only a little over a week of having this hub, it became obvious that this is a very value-oriented product. The build quality is above average but not great. Plugging in devices requires a little bit more work than what I am accustomed to. imagine using your everyday computer's USB port, but add a second or two of work to make the device secure. It's not a bad connection or a faulty one, just not polished. This becomes a common theme with this hub, but as much as these little gripes occasionally frustrate me, its worth it.  the Price for this hub is very competitive and would satisfy anyone looking for a hub. I would recommend this device if you can tolerate these little flaws.
7 different ports, sturdy built	I really like this product.  I got the computer for graduation but needed to plug in a lot of my accessories.  This is the perfect attachment that I needed to use the computer to its full capacity.  I have bought these for gifts for my friends.
Great quality great buy	Does everything that I need it to do. Great quality and great color.
Exactly what I needed	It is super lightweight and works are expected.
Worth it's price	Very compact for travel and provides great options for connections
Simple but effective!	This adapter functions just as I thought it would, which is a good thing.  Lots of USB connections, allows me to use a second monitor with my Macbook, and download pictures from an old camera occasionally, too.  It's small enough to tuck anywhere, too!
Great quality!!	Good product!
Best	Solid hub, works perfect with Mac Pro
a very necessary product	This has been so handy and helpful for me. I've needed hdmi and normal usb for my laptop. Highly recommend!
Great product	The triple the USB ports all worked really well and very useful when I need to plug in phone, external hard drives at the same time. Love the SD card and a micro SD, so I no longer need to put the micro SD into a SD socket.Light weight, great for traveling.
light weight and easy	Works great with my MacBook. Product came quickly
Quality product	Great product, as advertised, good sturdy materials, arrived in 2 days - these days that is amazing!!All the bases were covered, So I will give a fairly rare 5 stars for ease of shopping experience and 5 for the product itself.
Slim and sturdy	Buenisimo
great product	now able to add plenty of accessories
works perfectly	Works well! Highly recommended
Great product!	Very small adapter that is easy to use and very portable. Didn't have to worry about its size or anything. Very good quality product would definitely recommend to anybody with a macbook pro.
Works as Expected	Great Product does what is stated.
Fast delivery / High quality	Disappointed meant to use this to connect Samsung phone to the TV and use the USB 2.4ghz keyboard mouse.  Mouse performance is really lagging.  Been reading more from other reviews that this is a problem that unfortunately I missed before ordering this item.  I'll be returning it as this is useless for my purposes.
Awesome, works great!	I've ordered this adapter when I got a MacBook Pro and needed to plug in USB devices like Thumdrive or Wirless mouse etc. This even takes SD cards (a bonus!). The only reason I did not give it a five star rating is that it didn't have that I might require was a charging port and sometimes it seems to slightly slow down the performance of wireless mouse. Other than that, it's perfect!
Bang for buck	small, portable, light, works well so far. (haven't used it a lot or for a long time but like it so far)
Good, product, great buying experience	Great for added ports for my son’s MacBook Pro. He also uses it to charge his phone, although he says it takes a while to charge.
All you need in one	I particularly like how easy this is to carry and the amazing data transfer speeds.
FlePow USB 3.1 Type C Docking Portable, light weight and great price	I travel a lot and now that the new MacBooks come with only USB-C this is a perfect companion, a must-have. 7 in 1 multiport adapter. HDMI, USB 3.0 ports, SD and microSD card reader. The device does tend to get warm to touch however so far it's been running just fine. The price is great compared to other products I have seen online. It comes with a 1-year warranty.
Works. Seems well built.	I bought this adapter a few months ago already and am still loving it! I have had no issues so far, even though they often can. I also have never run out of ports since it has so many. It is very small and fits perfectly in my laptop case when I am on the go. Overall, it is perfect for anyone in need of a few extra ports on their laptop!
Great USB C Hub	Works exactly as expected, although I only counted 6 inputs, unless im misscounting oneDoes heat up when using hdmi as it says it does. great product all in all.
High quality hub	much more affordable than buying from Apple,works perfectly fine.
Works as advertised	Completely satisfied and a economical alternative to the expensive hubs out there.
Works preety good	This product is what I expected to be. 100% practical and functional.  The HDMI port works just perfect!
Inexpensive effective	This adapter is small and efficient. You will probably need 2 in your work bag so add another to make sure you can hook all your devices.
7 different ports, sturdy built	It does what it advertises very well and seems to be well-made.
Great Product	It's a nice compact solid hub with just the right ports for me.
Game Changer Adapter! Awesome!	Recommend this product as must buy if you looking for USB C HUB. Awesome connectivity. Easy to carry snd connect to monitors when and where you need it. Thanks team for delivering such a good product.
It really has all the ports	Works just as advertised.
Convenient hub	As you can see from the pictures, I connected the FlePow USB-C Hub to my Samsung Galaxy S8.  It is simply awesome!  The FlePow USB-C Hub works great with my phone, mini Bluetooth keyboard, memory card, and HDMI cable to the 4K TV.Pros:4K HDMI Output port3x USB 3.0 portsSleek aluminum casingElegant machine gray colorNo drivers needed to be installedCon:No Type-C charging portEven tho it doesn't have a Type-C charging port, I still enjoy the FlePow USB-C Hub!
Good item	it'll eat all your laptop power. Not meant for laptops with one usb c port  (Macbook 12").
Simple and work perfectly	I have been use it for 1 month on my Mac Pro and monitor. I use the HDMI and two USB ports on daily basis. So far, it works perfectly. Plus, I like the simplicity in the design.
Best	Would order again if the need arises.
Great value. Works real well.	Best port that I have purchased.
multiple ports, very convenient	Hub is well made with a good cord, not flimsy like the others I tried.  Card reader works great, and in general a very good value for the money.  There are some less expensive ones (and I bought a few over the years), but this one looks like the best so far.  I will update this review if any issues arise, but after a few months of use I doubt that will be the case.  I very rarely give five star ratings across the board...but in this case it is warranted.
Works well	Great product, easy to use, and extremely portable!!
Great value. Works real well.	I bought this to extend ports for my macbook which has limited ports this fits well for the purpose.
High quality and phenomenal price!!	It snaps in great and stays in. I tried one that is flush with the computer but had so many problems keeping it inserted into the computer. No problems at all!
Good purchase	I love this product. I use it all the time!
highly recommend!!	My 2660X1440 monitor can only do 1920x1080 when using this hub.
Very Useful Device	This C-Hub was a life saver when my work made us upgrade our laptops to a new Mac-Book Air with the new plug. I can use ALL of my old devices to plug in with this one hub, and charge using other kinds of cords from it as well. It has held up well, and really made life so much easier. Saved me a bundle in not having to switch to new cords for everything as well! Highly recommend.
Works like a charm	Son needed for use in college happy with purchase
Great Quality	Everything is great, only thing is the cable is kinda sideways, so doesn't sit flat when connected. other than that works great!
Recommend	I have only used the sandisk port but assume the rest will work just as well.
Overall good buy	this item just better than the last one i had . i recommend
Easy to Use	Solid little dongle
Better Than Paying $90 For A Dongle!	This hub was just what I was looking for!  It's super easy to use, just plug it in and go.  I also like the slim design of it, making it great for traveling.  I've been able to use multiple ports on the adapter at once without experiencing any slow downs.
Works great with everything but my iPad	I needed an adapter in order to use a drawing tablet with my laptop after upgrading to one of apple's newer models.  having sifted through all the reviews I decided this one was probably my best shot.  I've had the adapter almost 3 months now and have had no problems.  Anyone who needs a USB C adapter should highly consider this one!
Works	So far so good.
Simply all you need	Product works flawlessly.  I own a newer MacBook that only has the USB C ports.  I use this adapter primarily to access USB B drives that I have previously stored data on.  I definitely recommend this adapter.
Love it	I used this product for a few months. But now it doesn't work anymore. Waste of money. Cheap crappy materials.
Works for multiple devices	Works as it should. Easy setup and easy use. Great value.
Metal body, good value	This product does everything I expected it to do. I can have the HDMI plugged in along with a mouse and keyboard and it all works perfectly. It does get a little warm when you use many things at once but not uncomfortably so.
received ; as advertised	I bought this hub for my new LG Gram laptop. Everything works as expected. Sized well and has all you probably need if you luck of connections. I would definitely recommend it to others.
Delivers the goods at a fair price.	Wasn’t sure about a non-Apple device but thought I would give this a try.  I am using this on an iPad Pro 12.9” 2019 model.  This product works great!  Attached the device to the USB-C port on my iPad then attached an HDMI cable and a perfect picture flows through to the TV.  I then inserted a SD card with photos and they immediately popped up in my photo app on the iPad allowing me to select which pictures I wanted to import.  The data attached to the pictures also came through so the date the picture was taken is attached to the photo.  I also tried a USB card reader to import additional pictures that were on a different type of memory card and they came through flawlessly.  I really liked that this was plug and play with my iPad and I did not have to add any new apps or do anything else to get this to work, just plugged it into the USB-C port on my iPad Pro and it just worked.  I take a lot of pictures with a Nikon DSLR camera and although it has Bluetooth and WiFi for transferring pictures it is clunky and often difficult to get the pictures to transfer to my iPad to make them easy to share or edit.  Now I can just plug a memory card into this device and instantly get any pictures I want on my iPad to share.  I then plugged my iPhone into one of the USB ports and once I unlocked my iPhone and hit Trust all of the pictures on my iPhone came up to allow me to select ones I wanted to transfer to my iPad.  I will get a lot of use out of this.
great for newer MacBook Air	Bought for traveling with 2018 MacBook Air. Adds most any needed port in a small and inexpensive form factor, so far everything has worked as advertised, quite pleased
Worked great with my MacBook Air.	The HDMI port isn’t working. Need replacement
This is the one to get	Great product but I removed a star for it not having a passthrough power type-c port. Awesome for a macbook but tablets won't be able to charge with it.
Wont work with only Samsung note 9	For ~$24 I wasn't expecting much out of this thing compared to some of the other HUBS on here being +$50, but I am pleasantly surprised. Its actually made of metal, THAT MATCHES MY MacBook Pro really well, plenty of options on it for almost anything you need out of a hub, and very small size. I wish it had an ethernet port, and another USB-C port to replace the one it is using, but for $24 I have everything I need for now. Love it.
Works as expected	This works great for expanding the capability of your iPad Pro. I can charge, add USB for files sharing, and link by HDMI to my TV or other component. The case is lightweight aluminum and feels a little 'lightweight', however it has held up great traveling in my computer bag and being used regularly. Overall, a great addition to have with your iPad and brings a fantastic level of added functionality.
Great adapter!	Im here for the Free gift but the Adapter works great so far!!!
The Item as described	Fast shipping! Good Quality! The Item as described! Thanks!
Great material, super convenient for using	This is a handy addition to my lightweight laptop. Small, light and fully functional for all of my connection needs.
Very portable!	I bought this because my laptop only has one USB port and with this hub I can plug in 3 more USBs, two SD cards, and an HDMI cable all into one USB-C port. I don't use my laptop without this hub.
Great product.	Works awesome.  I like the versatility of all the ports.
Very well constructed and dependable.	Great product with high quality. It fits properly on 2019 Macbook pro 16 inches. It requires a little pressure to clip properly on my Macbook port.It fits perfectly on Dell xps and other laptops too.The quality is sturdy,  portable and durable.  100% better and cheaper than many of them in the market.You will never regret buying this product.
It works with the New 2018 IPad Pro 11”	Perfect USB C hub for a Macbook Air.  Allows for connection of three USB 3.0 devices, one SD card and one Micro SD card, and one 4K HDMI.  It solved the problem of having to pair a new Mac with older classroom equipment.  It also allows me to easily move files and photos between devices.  Plug-and-play makes it easy to use out of the box.  Small size, light weight, and durability make it portable and allow me to carry it in my bag daily.  This is a great hub for a great price and I'm glad that I made the purchase.  All pros and no cons after 6 months of use.
Great product	DO NOT BUY IT!!!It keeps disconnecting all the time.I plugged in my Samsung T5 SSD and my Lexar 64GB 2000x Professional SDXC UHS-II.I tried copying from the SD card to the SSD using the built-in card reader.Half of the files we corrupted since I copied the files from the SD card to my PC and compared them with those on the SSD and they were just zeroed.I also tried using my Lexar card reader since I though the HUB reader is not good enough but this turn out to be even worst and the Lexar card reader kept disconnecting all the time.So, I though there's not enough power and I added a power supply to one of the USB inputs but the results we the same crap.One star means 0 since I cannot mark it with 0.
Great functioning USB Hub	I really liked the quality of the material right out of the box. Charges all my devices well. No complaints at all, exactly as advertised.
Exactly what I was looking for!	I love this product I just recently purchased  MacBook Pro and failed to look at the ports, and realized that all my cables would not work with it. So I search your site and found this one to be very good and very inexpensive and it works very well. It covers all my needs. So much so that my classmates have ordered them also. Will be ordering another as a back up.
High quality hub	Useful with the variety of adapters, great for work and better quality than expected.
Hight quality hub	Needed USB-C for my MacBook Pro.  This adapter is just what I needed.  It has a clean, compact design and works well.
it just works great	I loved this adapter! It's perfect for my work travel and allows me to connect my phone and earbuds for charging. It also matches my Macbook's color perfectly. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I wish it had a USB-C female import on it.
Works for multiple devices	Great way to add devices.
Easy to use and good quality	This is basically attached to my Macbook Pro. I use it to download photos from my SD cards as well as connect to my Wacom Tablet. I've also connected a bunch of portable solid state hard drives, all at once. Never had a problem with the adapter, and it's nice that it's so portable as well.
Good USB-C hub to connect a 2nd display on Macbook Pro	I bought this USB-C hub to connect a monitor display to my MacBook Pro 13" and it works perfect via the HDMI port.  The USB-A ports available are also used to connect wireless dongles for mouse and keyboard.  It's a good low cost device to make your Macbook into a workstation.
Great product	Looks great and works right out of the box, as expected.
A great hub	I read all the questions and saw that it "worked" with Windows 10.  I got it today and am very disappointed to find it doesn't work with this Windows 10 computer.  Will return as soon as I complete this review.
Great for adding a second external HDMI monitor and more USB ports to a laptop	This hub was exactly what I needed. I use multiple screens at work with my laptop and need to use an HDMI cable, so having that port at the end of the hub is great. I also use a USB wireless mouse. I love that it only takes up one of my USB-C ports to handle both of those, leaving the other 3 ports on my laptop free for my power cable or something else. It's super compact yet offers plenty of functionality. The design/look of it blends right in to the rest of my devices.
Recommend	It's way better quality than expected. I'm extremely satisfied.
GREAT FOR TRAVEL	Great for 12" MacBook, the two port dongle doesn't fit in the 12".
Good Adapter	Plug and played just as I had hoped.
Good for Surface Go	Works as expected. it would have been the best if it had ethernet port too.
Small and portable but sturdy	Works perfect and the all in one design makes it easy to use multiple devices at once.
Great Adapter	I recently purchased this adapter as I needed to be able to attach a portal hard drive to my new Macbook. This did exactly what I needed it to. The great thing about this particular adapter is it also allows you to connect HDMI. As someone who regularly uses a projector as part of my job, being able to easily connect to HDMI is important. This does everything I need.
It just works.	I liked everything about this.
Very well constructed and dependable.	Bought this product for my Surface due to the limited USB ports.... it has none.... and this has allowed me to be able to add headphones and my mouse... was excited to find out it had HDMI too!  So glad I bought this product works great and more then what I was asking for!  Must buy and makes sense to be Amazon Choice Product!
Perfect	This tool is amazing! It’s small enough to put in your laptop bag. It’s the perfect thing for my MacBook Pro. I use it with a usb cord to connect to my printer.
high quality product.	This is definitely handy and easy to carry around. Easy to use; plug and play. The only issue what I have is sometimes I'm losing connection between devices even with small shake. May be it's my device which has this issue, otherwise, this product works great!
GOOD BUY.	VERY USEFUL. WELL WORTH BUYING
This works really well!	Great product
A great hub	I recently bought this adaptor for my new 2019 MacBook Air and am so glad I purchased it.I recently upgraded from a 2013 MacBook Air to the 2019 MacBook Air andI was bummed when I initially bought this computer because of the fact there are few outlets to charge things and plug things into on it.The adaptor allows me to charge my phone, use my external hard drive, power the actual machine, and download pics from my camera all at once- which is a game changer when using my computer!
Perfect product	Very quick and easy, matches the space gray laptop
Perfect one!	Loved! Worked great!
Hight quality hub	Very satisfied with this purchase. The hub does not feel cheap like other hubs I bought. Really compact for on the go.
Great all in one device.	Works great! Was shipped timely and products was as described.
highly recommend!!	This usb c hub works great for my macbook pro 2019!! i use it mainly for college projects or to connect my laptop to a tv for streaming. the usb c hub doesn't really warm up and every port is included for such a great price!
Versatile	It helps me with the new inlets of a Mac Book Pro but not all of the slots worked correctly.
Great purchase	This adaptor does its job well. I can easily use it at home and take it on a business trip. Very durable as well.
Works like a charm	This hub is very useful because of the variety of ports. It is compatible with my MACBOOK Pro 2019.A great find for a price. I would recommend it to anyone.
Great product	Great product, thin and slick.  Reliable and Durable for daily usage.
Perfect Multiport for Mac Users	Overall the hub is fantastic. It a solid body made from aluminium. It attaches easy to the port , and functions so far with everything I have attempted. The one thing that would be great is a bracket so it could be attached to the side of my Pixelbook rather than laying on a table or beside the computer. I think that would be really handy. Overall this is a great buy!
Fast Data Transfer	Product works as intended, built from quality material and sleek
Love it so far!	Works perfectly! Sturdy and reliable. I use it to output 1080p HDMI and for all three USB 3.0 ports, as well as the SD reader, and I've had no problems in months of use.
Great product at a great price.	I had been wanting to connect my laptop to a monitor to just have a bigger screen and this adapter allowed me to do that and much more. I was able to connect a wireless keyboard and mouse, connect the monitor and charge my laptop at the same time. This is a great device and totally worth the price that you pay.
Worst device	Product function as advertised.
Great Product! Very Compatible and reliable	Very good quality!  The housing of this is built very well, for being from China.  It reads everything I use.  The only issue I have is that it does get hot when I use it, but this does not affect the performance. Other than that, very impressed for the price!
Works as intended for a great price!	The product is very easy to use. It is worth buying it for such a great cost. We are using it for the first time but we are really happy with the product.
Does a good job	Does a good job of decluttering my work bench. I just connect my peripherals to it and switch between laptops (alienware and Mac) seemlessly.
Exactly what I wanted	The adequate number of ports.  The ease of use.  The purchase of the product was necessitated since the new Mac Pro laptop does not have the SD card port.
Versatile!	I like the versatility of the multi-plug adaptor and it's easy to transport.
great for newer MacBook Air	Despite the description, this hub _does not_ support power delivery!!  All of the other features seem fine, but I've returned it because PD was a deal breaker for me.
Good product	Good design and quality. Havent tested the speed，should be great.
Must have for your Macbook!	With the new Mac books I was disappointed that there were only USB-C ports so none of my thumb drives, HDMI cables, etc. would work. This thing is a life saver for that. I can only say that it works as advertised. I have not had a single issue with it thus far.
Good, product, great buying experience	This was exactly what I was looking for. I use it to free up the limited number of USB ports available on newer PCs, as well as read my SD card.
Works great!	Looks really clean and very compatible to USB port and HDMI. I really like it!!
HDMI port does not work very well	it worths every penny you spent for this product, there is no way you can compete the price and quality, definitely 5-star review
Great Value	Used for multiple electronics by my son in his dorm room.
Very Great	It's great and quick to use and it looks real expensive.
Great features!	Will be working from home temporarily with a Mac laptop supplied by work. My personal Mac laptop (older) has USB ports, the new one doesn't. To connect my tablet, external drive, keyboard, and monitor... this was a perfect solution (plus I could plug a phone headset into my keyboard USB). This adapter is the perfect solution- it arrived quickly and appears to be well made (aluminum case).
Small, practical, and convenient	I was looking for an all in one lighting adapter for my 2018 mac book pro. This gives me three USB 3.0 ports, an HDMI (which worked) and SD card readers. The HDMI allows me to free up a port to run a second monitor.
Worth the money!	Super light and very convenient!
Love it so far!	works with Surface laptop 3 after plug in. No additional drivers needed. good quality. The cable is a bit short for my setup, where I put the laptop under the desk and would like to put the dock on the desk. But understand for travellers or others who just leave the laptop on the desk, shorter cable is preferred. If technically feasible, suggestions may be to include an type-c extension cable, about 1 ft. that would be perfect.
Gets it done	I was very satisfied with my purchase. Everything works great, the finish is exactly the same as my MacBook so it matches really nicely and its just crazy portable. Would recommend
Great features!	To show my scuba diving photos and movies on the tv. Perfect
Great Adapter	This multipart adapter has been great to use! My 2009 laptop finally died in 2019 and regardless of new laptops I looked it, there were simply not enough ports (had 4 to 1). This adapter provides me with additional ports so I can do more (i.e. transfer photos from my phone to external harddrive). Very happy so far. Will update this review as I am able to use it more.
This is exactly what was advertised	Works great w our new Mac
Solid Adapter	So happy with purchase, exactly as described and works great!
Very high quality!	Great! Needed an adapter for my laptop to connect USB cords and HDMI cord. Good size, nice and light. I had used another brand previously and it affected my wifi connection for some reason - this one does not! I've had it for a couple months now and no problems.
Well designed!	Must have
Good, affordable USB C Multiport Adapter	I carry this with me at all times! Super convenient size and  has all the plug ins I need!!! Works incredibly and super reliant.
Convienient	Worked just as I hoped. Was able to read a micro card on my MacBook as well as project using HDMI to my tv.
Great price in for a quality product	Everything I need in 1 device at a great price.
easy to use	This product is so perfect. I travel a lot and I have to use this product every day. I love it
Excellent product.	great device
great for newer MacBook Air	This was a gift for my friend he loved it
Great way to expand your MacBook's Thunderbolt ports.	I have a Dell XPS 2-in-1 that has only 2 USB-C ports and no "regular" USB ports. This sleek device greatly expands this limitation and was exactly what I needed. I researched my options before buying and found this to be the best value, as well. I've used the hub half a dozen times so far (only for the USB type-A and the HDMI inputs), and it works just fine.
Good for Surface Go	Super easy and convenient to use! Have used it several times and have had no issues with it. Loads quick and has all the inputs I need!
Extends your memory and ports!	I use this with my 11 inch iPad Pro. I chose this one because of the variety of port sizes and different devices i can connect to it. It connects easily and is super easy to use and navigate on the iPad. The only thing I would change is make the cord a little longer. If I set my iPad on its keyboard stand, the cord is kind of short and the ports dangle kind of awkwardly above the table.
Full Featured Device	I am a college student and I recently bought a separate monitor to help with coding on my laptop. I needed an adapter that had an HDMI port for my separate monitor and USB ports for my mouse and separate keyboard. This adapter definitely did what I needed it to do and was fairly cheap compared to other competitors.
A must-have adapter for Macbook	I've been using it for almost 2 months now for usb and hdmi connection with my mac and I have no complaints; it functions great. I specially like it because I can use it with my mac protective case on. I had another adapter that I couldn't use with a case on, so I took the case off and precisely then I hit something and my mac got a dent. So now I got this adapter and I'm never taking the case off.
Perfect Multiport for Mac Users	The following product can connect to both SD & MicroSD cards simultaneously.Lasuney USB C Hub, Type C Adapter, 8-in-1 Dongle with USB-C PD 3.0, 4K HDMI & VGA, 3 USB 3.0, SD/TF Card Reader, Compatible for MacBook Air Pro, Chromebook and Other Type C Laptopshttps://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B07YWP8VLN/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o00_s00?ie=UTF8&th=1
High Quality and Useful Product	The product is excellent and functional
You now have options from a small device. Been searching for*	I've tried this dongle for a few weeks daily and it definitely does the job! Highly recommended. USB 3.0 working great, microSD and SD card working okay.  Tried out HDMI even using as a plus a DVI to HDMI adapter and everything runs great. Nice option for price-quality
Great material, super convenient for using	Works exactly as described, needed to add USB ports to my MacBook Pro and this is perfect for the price, size and portability.  No issues at all.
Just as described; better than expected	Great accessory for my iPad Pro! Allows connections to USB accessories (USB 3.0), SD cards, and HDMI. Device connects to the USB-C port on the iPad - the only thing missing is a USB pass-thru for connecting to a charger, otherwise would be 5-stars! A must have accessory for your travel bag.
Good product	This adapter has all the ports I need! HDMI, three USB ports, as well as card reader slots. Makes it very easy for file transfer and storing photos from my camera to my external hard drive when using my Macbook Air. I looked at a lot of different options before making this purchase-- best value for what you pay for!
Works great	Just got it , and it feels sturdy. I really just wanted this for the SD Card slot and it worked!! It linked up well with my computer 💻 and so far so good.I have also tried the USB ports and they all work fine. I have yet to use the smaller SD slot and the HDMI. But overall great buy 👍🏻.
GOOD BUY.	loved the product everything came in perfectly and worked perfect. Definitely needed this for my laptop and was very easy to use and work with!!
Perfect for whatever you need an extension for	The aluminum material makes it very strong and also help to dissipate the heat.  It looks sturdy and it matches my MacBook color (Space Gray).
easy to use	Got the product last week, works as expected and is clean and compact. Been working well, no problems thus far and hopefully none in the future, would recommend!
Easy to use and good quality	I purchased this hub about 4 months ago and it's been working great attached to my DELL XPS laptop and used almost every day.I have it connecting HDMI to a monitor,  a USB portable drive, a USB dongle for keyboard mouse, and a USB cable for my iPhone.I also occasionally use the SD slot to load photos from my camera.Working great so far.
I love it	The product works great, I just needed to add another screen to my laptop but found myself using for adding USB devices as well.
Works	Works great with my MacBook Pro and I can plug in multiple usb at once
Adds needed functionality for the MacBook pro	I understand Apple wanting to streamline their products, but it can be extremely inconvenient when interfacing with many other devices. This adapter is absolutely vital if you have a MacBook. It has all the components you need to connect with your computer. I love my computer, but I'm not sure I would love it as much if this hub didn't exist.
Fit perfectly into my MacPro	It's constructed well and works with everything.
Great product, just I was looking for	This is the perfect size and with right number of ports on it.  It works fast and is hassle free.
Great product for the value!	Great product l, amazing price, I went out of impulse and bought it in hopes it was good, and boy did I get lucky! It’s amazing, flexible, and matches the laptop, at this price point I couldn’t find one that matched!
Great expansion options for your USB C device	Great product. Saves me a lot of hassle trying to reach behind my iMac.
Good product, but...	Works and it's exactly as a need, as a college student you really don't need anything else, this one perfect. its light, looks great(matches the space grey mac color perfectly),am super satisfied, and wasn't crazy expensive like a lot of other ones.
Wireless Mouse Freezes	I bought a hard case for my new MacBook Pro so I couldn't use the dongles that connected tightly to the side.  This flexible dongle had everything I need to attach an extra screen and all the none MacBook Pro accessories.  I like the new computer but only have one type of port is a bit limiting so this dongle was a lifesaver.
Great Addition	This traveled with me to Italy from USA and it was light weight, easy to carry, and it did what I needed it to do. VERY PLEASED. Its even classy looking.  thank you
Micro as direct to ipad	Well it all started on a Saturday afternoon. I was looking for a way to look at netflix off my phone, and on a flat panel. it does what it says it does. That's my main point plus 2yr return policy.
Very high quality!	Works great, but locked my USB unifying mouse receiver is "locked" in and cannot be removed even with pliers, which separated the mouse receiver, making it useless!USB speed is fast as advertised, but basically Chinese junk!
Must have for your Macbook!	Works great. I have this plugged into my laptop and I have a laptop cooling pad fan unit plugged into the USB port. Works great. I've also used it for a thumb drive. No issues.
compact solid attachment	Worked perfectly.
Great product for the value!	Love the sturdiness of the USB Type-C Hub. It comes with HDMI and 2 SD reader outputs which are helpful. It's not bulky, small and fits in small spaces, so good for traveling. One of the best things I liked is extra ports and a beautiful and clean design. And USB 3.0 slots make transfer easier.
Good adapter	I just upgraded from a MacBook Air to a MacBook Pro and needed something to plug in all of my other devices.  This FlePow USB Hub is just what I had in mind.  Was shipped quickly.  All good
As described - very useful	Needed this USB-C hub for a new lightweight small laptop we bought recently. It didn't have many ports, except maybe one or two USB-C.  This did the job perfectly, looked great, and was so lightweight and portable. I would recommend this product and I had no issues in using it.
Great	The hub was small and lightweight while still having the feeling of having a strong frame. It has many useful ports and should fulfill most of your needs. Definitely would recommend to any friend.
Works	Works perfectly
Work perfectly	I expected this hub to be bigger; it is not. It is very tiny, it works great on my Mac, is is versatile and it looks awesome.
Add Plug and Play Functionality to Your iPad Pro	I use this at the office. We have an open office plan, so I take my computer and find a different place to work frequently. I need to plug in my headset and keyboard dongle repeatedly, so I just leave them plugged in to this so I can attach all my USB Type A devices and an HDMI monitor all at once to my laptop USB C connection. Saves wear and tear on the USB dongles, and I never break one off in my computer any more. This device looks well made and feels very solid (no "twist") and seems like it will last quite a while.
Works perfectly	I bought this for my iPad Pro and got it a couple days ago. It works perfectly with it, my main use is to transfer photos and videos which works. When you plug it in, the iPad automatically recognizes it. It even works with my kids Nintendo switch when they don’t have a dock and it works with their usb controller. I forgot to mention if you don’t have an Apple TV this works when you connect it to the tv. Overall good stuff
Good Product	Good Multipurpose usb c hub multiport adapter
Multiport Adapter	too large
Sleek, Slim & Stylish	Great accessory for the MacBook Pro, just what I needed. Solid build.
Convienient	I love this product very compatible. No problems at all. Everything works great
GREAT FOR TRAVEL	Works really well for its purpose. It is light weight and easily portable. I keep it in my backpack and it doesn’t take up any room. Would recommend.
Extends your memory and ports!	Price is amazing for what it works with.  I am going to get another one just for traveling.
Portable, solid, and well-made	Despite the compact form, the positioning of the slots is well thought through. The HDMI slot on the far end makes connecting to TVs and large screens easy, while the USB slots on the side are perfect for plugging in small portable usb drives.
High quality hub	Very compact and works great with zero flaws. For the price I think it's a great buy.
All the ports you need	I ordered one and it did not work. So I figured I would be able to just do the replace option and they would send me another one and it would work. I have done this option before and it has worked, but this time, it didn't. This one seemed to work at first but as I used it, it seemed to stop working. It them only would work if I held it in a certain way. This is very annoying.
High quality hub	This is a really good product. Perfect for my MacBook Pro!
Great product.	Great product that actually works great and not too big and very lightweight great to take around with your computer.
useful	Uses only one of the two USB-C plug-ins on our MacBook instead of using both like some models, so you can still have the computer plugged in to power without using one of the ports on the hub itself.  Used for a few months now with no issues.
One stop shop	This product is amazing! It is very compact and has a sleek design to it which makes it really cool. I was looking for something not too complex and for the price of this product, I am very pleased with the performance. Definitely recommend this product for everyday use!
Works grate	Awesome! Sooo helpful with my new computer. Helps all my older chords still work out. 👍
GREAT FOR TRAVEL	Great product. Good connection and no issues with installing new devices. Easy to use with usb-c connector.
USB C Hub Multiport Adapter - 7 in 1 Portable Space Aluminum Dongle	I used this product for church camp!! It came in clutch!! We had an issue where we need Edible the adapter so I brought mine. 300+ people were able to see the images on the screen because of this! Easy to use! Didn’t have any lag and videos were clear!!
Reliable and effective	It's very convenient and useful!
a very necessary product	I needed a USB C hub to complement my new Macbook Pro and it mets its objective.
Great Product	This was a perfect accessory for my surface pro X
Works as advertised with a much cooler temperature	I love how quickly this shipped in to me and the product works well. It connects snugly into my computer and is easily removed without too much yanking. However, the cord that connects the hub to the computer is an awkward length and there’s no good way to coil it up for travel. I recommend this for Mac users with cases since the smaller hubs won’t fit over the case, otherwise I would’ve gone with a smaller hub. Overall great product though.
USB C 7 in 1 hub.	did not match my  need... perhaps I misunderstood product ability based on description and my knowledge...may fit another person's need well...seemed to be well constructed.
Solid Adapter	I have a newer MacBook Air and I needed several different ports for other items to connect with my laptop. Happy with my purchase. Very useful.
Slim and sturdy	It works as advertised.
Good product	Great product, did as expected.
a very necessary product	It works well, looks modern, and is just overall a pretty perfect USB Hub for charging and transfering data!
Works Well	I’d had problems before with USB-c devices with my iPad so I was pleasantly surprised when this worked.  I was able to successfully use it to connect USB thumb drives to view files.  I would recommend this hub.
The perfect buy	Works perfectly for the Mac book pro!
Good USB-C hub to connect a 2nd display on Macbook Pro	The USB C Hub is small enough to travel and the product seems to be of good quality construction.I haven't had any issues using USB ports or SD cards.
Very Durable	Excelente producto lo recomiendo
Works better than my other purchase that cost substantially more...	Bought it for use with 16" Macbook Pro.  Works as described.  No issues or problems.Wish it had a few mini-USB ports for charging smaller devices like earphones.And maybe an Ethernet port. But then it would be an entirely different class of products.  Those things cost hundreds of dollars.I'm happy with this purchase.
Works as intended for a great price!	This is a great product. I use this with my external monitor (HDMI), iPhone USB cable, and external mouse. I work remote and travel often so this adapter is essential to have. Definitely recommend.
Inexpensive effective	This is a great hub for what I need! At first the hdmi streaming wasn’t up to par but a company representative reached out and helped resolve my issues.
useful	I have a tablet with 1 usb 3 and 2 usb c, no HDMI. this product solve my problem and now I am able to connect my monitor,  mouse and headset to use. it's good.
Excellent hub that does the job	Using with Surface Pro 7.  HDMI immediately connected to an external monitor with no setup required.  Small size allows it to slip into my laptop bag.
Great product!	The USB-C Hub has been working perfectly since I first bought it. Highly recommend!
USB C Hub Multiport Adapter - 7 in 1 Portable Space Aluminum Dongle	This product comes with a cable that is only a few inches long (which is probably great for travel) so now it is dangling from my computer until I can replace it or find an extension cable.
Works as expected	The FilePow USB-C hub looks like a well made product to use with my MacBook Air. The color of the hub is VERY close to the space gray color from Apple (see photo). It is compact and therefore very portable. If I could suggest one feature: I would appreciate if there was a USB-C port (so that I can use it and charge my laptop simultaneously).
Multiport Adapter	thumbs up
Good product, but...	I connected my MacBook Pro to the TV w/ HDMI through this dongle, in addition to plugging in a wireless mouse and keyboard receiver from Logitech with USB type A. The keyboard and mouse kept on lagging, ie choppy mouse movements and missing alphabets in words. Unplugged the HDMI cable, my wireless mouse and keyboard work just fine.idk if my case was a distinct one, just putting it out there: wireless mouse/keyboard seem to lag when simulaneously connecting with HDMI on MBP Touch Bar version. I don't really write reviews, but this is really disappointing, that this dongle can't handle the basic stuff, 2/5 from me.
Great features!	Used this as a usb hub and adaptor for a monitor for my MacBook Pro. This device is weird because sometimes it works without any issues, but others it totally messes with the functioning of my computer. The mouse and trackpad will stop working and all programs appear frozen even though they’re working fine. As soon as I unplug the hub, everything works fine. Restarting the computer doesn’t help. Changing what usb decides are plugged in doesn’t help. I’ve tried 4 different mice and it’s happened will all of them. Sometimes the mice just get stuck and can only move left and right regardless of how I’m moving the mouse, but again, unplug the hub and use a different usb adaptor and they work totally fine.Was really excited about this because of the ports it has, but I’m disappointed in its performance.
Works great	I love how being able to use multiple plugs at the same time and a lot cheaper than the original apple adapter. I wish it wasn’t so awkward on the side of my laptop but with all the it offers its not much of a bother. Also it’s super small and can fit into anything for traveling.
Worth the money!	Very nice adapter. Using it for college and it is amazing. Never overheats or anything! Worth every penny!!!
Works preety good	Strurdy product, very handy
Good	The hub comes as advertised. It has a nice space grey color that matches my Macbook Pro. It’s nifty and easy to carry around.
Well designed!	Great product that I was very happy with! Has everything I need for video editing and presenting.
A++	The product is as advertised and provides the functionality I needed. So far it's covering all my needs. My use: bluetooth dongle for mouse/external HDs/USB.I have yet to test out the HDMI port but I suspect it'll deliver, given the builds feeling i can say its good quality.Will update if needed.
Great Value	I've using this adapter for the past 8 weeks. It works pretty well with my Macbook and I've had no issues with any of the ports. I highly recommend if your computer does not have a HDMI port, I use this mainly for a second screen.
Works perfectly	USB 3 ports work fine. PLEASE NOTE: I tried using the HDMI port on identical HP Laptops listed in headline with no luck. Very disappointing. It would be nice if the company had a complete list of laptops that work and don't. I tried the item on a Lenova Legion Y520 gaming laptop with good success for all ports. Overall quality seems good. Not sure how reliable it will be, as I have just had it in operation for a few days. For the price I decided to keep it for the use of the USB3 ports.
Hight quality hub	Absolutely love this gadget.  It works for all facets just as described.  I don't leave home without it when I travel.
Excellent product	I like how it’s so portable and still has a lot of ports. Works very well and have no problems with it.
product was ok	Product works as described.
HDMI port does not work very well	this usb c hub is exactly what I was hoping for
Does a good job	Works great, perfect size and easily portable
Solidly built - works well	Recently bought a MacBook Pro and was bummed by the lack of ports included.  This expanded my computer to be able to plug in a monitor as well as my other usb peripherals without sacrificing the power cord.  Metal color a spot-on match too.
Small, practical, and convenient	I used my old mac with a monitor and sometimes for phone charging. After getting the new mac with just 2 usb-c ports, this product comes in handy and I'm able to use my old set up flawlessly. Highly recommended!
A great recommend !	Exactly what I needed. Small, easy to carry for my presentations. Hope it will last without any issues.
Looks good	Perfecto
Great value. Works real well.	My previous review was confused with a different brand.  This brand works perfectly.  I use it daily.
Slim and sturdy	Works great. Good deal.
love it	Works great for my macbook pro. easy to use and store away when not in use. haven’t had any problems with it, would recommend.
Solid Adapter	Works great,  easy to use, convenient
Awesome addition for a Mac Mini	I recently upgraded to a new MacBook Pro and ran into an issue of it having just USB-C inputs, which made it hard to connect my memory cards, USB devices and even monitor via HDMI ports. I had gotten my girlfriend an USB C multiport hub that attaches flush to her MacBook Pro but it felt a little flimsy. Looking for alternatives I found this muiltiport adaptor and have been pretty happy with it. By comparison, while it didn't fit flush with my computer it felt like it was higher quality and ran into less issues about it disconnecting (none actually). I'm pretty happy with it and would recommend to a friend.
great product	I love that it matches the color of my MacBook Pro.
Great product	I have this on my Mac Mini and it's allowing easy front access for the different accessories I use. It was a plug and play and has worked great for the last few months!
Works	I purchased this for my neighbor's Mac-mini due to its lack of full-size USB ports. it was only used for two low power USB devices (wireless dongles for a mouse and keyboard) and extremely occasionally for the HDMI output to his TV.While it worked, it worked great. Unfortunately, it stopped working for absolutely no reason. It was never moved, unplugged, or anything. It just stopped working.It now gets extremely hot, and the mac complains that it is drawing too much power and shuts it off. Clearly something internally has shorted. How something could have shorted in a solid-state device with an aluminum casing and no physical abuse, I can't possibly imagine, other than defective construction to begin with.I'd contact the company for support, but of course, they don't actually exist. They're just a label for another presumably Chinese seller who seems to wish to remain anonymous. No website. No number to call or address to email.Too bad, it's got a lovely fit and finish to it. I would have absolutely bought another in the future if not for the feat that it too will fail and there will again be absolutely no support.
The multiport adaptor works	I love this product! So helpful to use with new Apple products for converting and uploading items from drives/cards etc. great price too.
Does a good job	Great adapter that has several inputs. Finally able to charge my phone when out and able to stream movies onto the tv at home
Works	No issues with the product
Works as advertised	This product has been easy to use, and very reliable.  I have had no issues attaching any storage media to the device.  It's use has been seamless and very helpful to my workflow.  I would recommend this product to others.
5 Star product	This USB C Hub works well.  Would recommend.
Fast Data Transfer	Dislike: only one outlet
it just works great	Works good with my laptop.
Reliable and effective	Works perfectly, no more to say.
Feels like quality	I like it.  I would recommend it.
Compact & durable	This USB C hub is priced reasonably and works well.  I like this hub because it is not bulky, making it easy to store.  It has enough extra ports for all that you'll need.
Good adapter	Build quality is excellent.  It should be useful for a very long time.
love it	Im a long time PC user and was disappointed in the lack of usb slots in my new Mac . This device saved me a lot of time and money! Very reliable and not a single issue with connecting right out of the box. fast speed and very compact for traveling! This item makes me love my MAC !
Worth the money!	I love this product it helps me connect to my tv to join into zoom calls for school.
Just as promised	It’s small but very convenient
Works for multiple devices	All ports of hub work really well and it does not overheat. It also has a really nice sleek design and is super lightweight.
Portable, solid, and well-made	I needed an adapter for my surface Pro X that only uses a USB -C input. This device allows me to connect even a disc device. I take it now every time I travel now to assure I can adapt devices to my Surface.It works great.
Convienient	It works perfect to connect the MacBook Pro to all my usb devices!
Perfect for whatever you need an extension for	I bought this product because my work gave me a device that only had a USBc port and I still needed to connect multiple other peripherals. This device has worked flawlessly since arriving. I highly recommend this solution, especially when comparing the price to a Microsoft docking station.
It works with the New 2018 IPad Pro 11”	Pretty great adapter. Does its job. I like that it has an LED so you know when it’s connected. Haven’t travelled with it yet. It is a little awkward to use since you have a lot of wires coming from the computer with this and everything connected, but that isn’t the adapter’s fault per se. I’ve been using it a lot, and it’s a great adapter for the money!
exactly what I was looking for	I was skeptical about purchasing this USB-C however, it was the best decision ever! Thanks to this USB-C hub, I am able to connect my monitor to my MacBook air as well as plug-in my mouse!  I cannot recommend this product enough! I will definitely be purchasing another one as a gift for my brother!
Compact but offers a lot!	I am very pleased with the number of ports and the types of connections it provides. However, I am concerned that the material is not of the best quality, and may easily scratch.
Works preety good	After purchasing this item, I returned my recently-purchased Apple Multiport product that cost almost 3 times as much.
Works seamlessly with PC but very limited with iPad.	This dongle works as directed with good quality picture through the HDMI port. I'm using a Surface Go and it was seamless usage mirroring or creating a second screen with another monitor. The USB devices have all been working as expected.My biggest worry whenever I buy these types of peripherals is 'will this be a loose, ill constructed piece of junk?'. I will say that this USB-C Hub Multiport adapter is very sturdy and feels very well put together. All the device slots are nice and tight [not loose or bad fitting]. I don't write reviews unless I really mean it and this one deserves a good one. Would recommend and would buy again.
Great product	I was impressed with this.The device is much smaller than I had anticipated,which is even better for me.Nice and compact.Works exactly as it should.You can't go wrong. It works perfectly.
One stop shop	Great product. Works perfect.:)
It has all the connections I was looking for	Monitor through HDMI was fine, but shortly after I started using this device, I noticed my wireless mouse started lagging. I thought it was the mouse battery so I replaced it. Didn't fix it. I then thought maybe the mouse was bad, and plugged in another mouse. Same thing. Then it dawned on me that it could be this adapter. I unplugged the mouse and plug it into the laptop directly. Bingo! It's the adapter.My external harddrive also does sometimes does not get recognized. Now I have to plug it in directly as well. Useless adapter. I only use it for the monitor and SD card now.
Works as expected	I had previously bought one of these that plugged directly into the computer (there was no cord from the unit to the computer) and within minutes of putting it in, it would be completely hot! I used it 3 times, and it stopped working. So I searched for another one and came across this one, so I gave it a shot. I am completely amazed that it doesn't even get warm! If you need something small, compact and easy to take with you, this is the one!
Happy	Works as expected. Easy to set up - just plug it in. Handles USB and memory cards just fine. Transfer rate is good. Small enough to fit in my laptop bag when traveling.
great for newer MacBook Air	Really good quality, works well, I bought this for my HDMI and it works fantastic, great product!
Great for adding a second external HDMI monitor and more USB ports to a laptop	Got this mainly to add more USB 3/2 for my laptop instead of the USB C, and am currently using for both keyboard and mouse, about a week of use so far.  Works well, no apparent delay/latency in typing or mouse movement.  Hasn't overheated at all, but haven't needed to use the HDMI port or SD slots yet to say for sure.  Lightweight and seems well built, but should be for the price in my opinion.  At this point, would not hesitate to buy again and do recommend as a good device.
Works like a charm!	love it works great
Works great and easy to use	So far the item works great and it’s exactly like the expensive brands
Great for every application	This hub is well made. It feels sturdy, but is light weight. I connect multiple midi controllers and it works flawlessly. Price to quality is amazing.
good but not for connecting laptop to monitor	This product does exactly what you'd hope it would do. Super compact and fits nicely with my MacBook Air.
Good product	The FlePow USB Type-C Hub provides connectivity to multiple ports however I could not get my IPAD programs (Disney+) to show on my TV through the HDMI port.... sound yes, picture no. After reporting the problem the company contacted me immediately and offered to send replacement.HUB works great.
Great product!	Great USB C multiport adapter. Very fast data transfer speeds and gets the job done
It works	not the most convenient size for traveling but it has enough ports that it makes up for it. haven't tried it out and don't know how long it will last, but it feels like it's good quality
Full Featured Device	Good quality, small enough to carry around easily. Multiple ports come handy. Recommend it.The only drawback is that the connecting cable between laptop port and the device is not very bendy and flexible. Wish it’s a bit softer material.
So worth it!!!	It was exactly what I was looking for and a great accessory to my iPad Pro.
Worked great with my MacBook Air.	Works great for projecting my Samsung galaxy S8 onto my TV. Just wish it had a function to charge the phone while projecting onto the TV.
Highly recommended	It’s a little delayed.. I like it just wish it had the updated headphone jack on it.
Metal body, good value	Was not happy there was no USB C port to replace the USB C port it took to connect it. Also not happy I was not able to connect my Bluetooth Mouse as it interferes with WIFI CONNECTION. It's basically useless to me.
Great USB-C Multi-Port Adapter for Mac	My wife needed a way to connect USB drives to her new MacBook Air and I needed a way to connect an external HDMI display to my new work MacBook Pro. After looking through the top-rated offerings on Amazon I chose the FlePow 7-in1 device. Three months in and it's become one of the most valuable add-ons I've ever purchased. It works flawlessly for HDMI displays (I've tested it on ViewSonic, LG & HP). It works for our external WD drives. It works for all types of SD cards for our various devices. Build quality is excellent. No heat issues, stays cool during a normal work day. Considering purchasing a second one to leave in the backpack. Would definitely recommend!
Perfect one!	Best multiport ever
A++	Great tiny hub that is very diverse and powerful
Wont work with only Samsung note 9	This was purchased for an HP mini work station. It has a few USB connections and the mini USB c connector. Using this guy provided 3 more USBs and a SD and mini SD. One for a USB stick, an old camera and a 3D printer using the mini SD. Perfect. It is small so I used the 3D printer to make a spacer and with some foam tape it's stuck to the PC and doesn't move, more perfect.
Awesome adapter...	Received my hub today and it works like a charm. I put it to the test when it came in to transferring my all of my data from my other PC and hard drives to my Mac. Would defiantly buy again if needed.
Worst device	Awesome usb c hub! Works great!
USB Port unstable	I bought this mostly so that I could make a slideshow for a celebration of life for my step father go on our tv from my macbook pro. It worked perfectly. No issues whatsoever with it. I would recommend if you have the macbook pro that does not have anything but the 2 charging ports because it has everything else you need.
Easy to use.	This USB hub works perfect with my new MacBook pro 16' and I love the quality Hub! Save your money on Apple brand adapters and buy this one for a fraction of the cost with many more ports!
Great quality!!	I can charge my phone while working with multiple outlets available and I can plug in whatever I need to.
Love it!	Works great with my new MacBook Air. Gets the job done for half the price of other brands. Looks sleek, is light but  sturdy.
Quality product	I wish I had two of these! It has worked perfectly for me. It is easy to use and easy to take with me between work and home.
TRASH STAY AWAY	I had originally purchased 2 small USB-C to USB converters, which worked well; but I had to plug them in individually.  They were so tiny that i lost both of them while traveling :( As opposed, am quite happy with this product.- It works well,- has all the important connectivity options and-had 3 USB hubs.-It's compact enough to carry along everywhere and won't get lost easily.Exactly what I needed!
Perfect one!	It’s good 👍 👍🏻👍🏻
It works !	Works great
Great!	Great product, does it all.
Slim and sturdy	Looks good, works good!
Great features!	I've gone through a lot of USB hubs over the years. None were as adaptable as this one. It combines  multi-card capabilities with multi-type connectors in a neat, well made package. It takes very little space when packed for traveling, a fraction of that taken by multiple leads, Flash cards etc. There is no setup, other than connecting things, and the price is very good. I'm very happy with it and recommend it to others with similar needs.
All the ports you need	This USB C Hub Multiport Adapter has been exactly what we needed.  I am especially appreciative of the card slots for an SD and Mini SD cards.  Coupling this with an HDMI port is what really makes this dongle special.
Does exactly what it is supposed to do	This hub appears well made and is a great product. I would definitely buy if you're looking for an additional hub to add peripherals or a monitor.The only reason I dinged a star is the lack of pd charging. If you're using this for a phone or tablet you need to use a wireless charger, a pd port would have made all of the difference. If I could do it again I'd buy a different item from the same manufacturer with a Usb-c charging port.If this is for a laptop or charging isn't a concern definitely buy this, it works well.
One of the best out there	I’m a music producer and was upset to learn that despite the cost of a MacBook, Apple has not included a single USB Type A port on it. This adapter, however, was a relatively inexpensive fix for my problem (and added even more ports than most others’ in its price point)! I was really looking for a hub with at least 3 USB ports and this did that and more. The adapter itself has a nice stainless steel/metallic body and is very lightweight. It looks great with my space gray laptop (as it matches in color), and I haven’t run into any problems with it. Worth the $25!
It works !	It worked right away in my Mac.  Another brand I tried did not.
This is amazing for MacBook Pro !!	I've had this adapter for a few weeks and used most of the ports and it seems to be working well. Convenient to have an adapter for all the ports. I'd recommend it to others
This is the perfect adapter for any MacBook user.	Once we got our new Macbook, we realized we had to way to hookup a HDMI monitor or how to plug in our usb drives. The macbook is great, but very limited in the number of ports. This small adapter gave us everything that we needed. This is a perfect edition to a new macbook
Great expansion options for your USB C device	I was skeptical about buying the new MacBook Air with the USB Type-C connectors, but with this Hub I have had no issues getting everything I want to connect.  Just plugged it in and it worked great!
Great expansion options for your USB C device	Doesn’t connect my iPad to my MacBook.
great product	This product is great! It always works and is built very well. Great price! Would recommend.
Makes my laptop more useable	Love the product. I would have liked a vga adapter but most everything else is on there. Works well without troubles or installs.
All the ports you need	This adapter has been extremely helpful for my everyday work/use. I have a MacBook which doesn’t have a USB port!  I can easily transfer files and pictures from my MacBook to USB drive, and also connect to my inkjet printer using this. The HDMI port works great as well when I connect my MacBook to my TV so I can kick back, relax, and watch my favorite shows after a long day! No complaints..
Exactly what I needed	Works exactly as advertised! 👍🏼
High quality hub	I used this product to connect my laptop to a monitor and wireless keyboard, the setup works great!
Love it!	Sleek multi-port adapter that feels and looks solid.  BUT I only count 6 connections points consisting  of (3) USB 3.0, SD, Micro-SD, & HDMI Out.  It's advertised as having a "usb-c power delivery charging connector" but the only USB-C connection is for plugging into your computer.  There is no USB-C slot on the adapter so you cannot connect USB-C devices or run power through this mulit-port.Other than that hiccup it's great!
Works great and we use it daily it’s been a great thing to have.	Happy with the purchase. For its price, it's really high quality and has great minimalist design. Its range of input ports is wide. Just wish it also offered a USB-C port as well.
Recommend	Great product and great value.  It's portable, doesn't take up much room and has plenty of USB/HDMI hubs.
Great price in for a quality product	Simple to use and product is in great condition! Overall, good experience.
As described - very useful	As a college student this USB C Hub is perfect because it travels with me in my book bag along with my Mac. I love that it has 7 in 1 ports for all of my media devices. It is very handy and lightweight.
Great quality!!	We purchased this for our daughter’s new laptop. It worked perfect and she loves it.
Very compact and efficient	Needed an adapter for my mac mini to add an HDMI display and SD card reader. Came with both plus 3 USB slots. Plugged it in and the HDMI came up immediately and the SD card reader worked great too. Excited to find this product and would buy another one if I need to fill a USB C port again.
Perfect for MacBook pro multitasking	The biggest thing I miss in my new Mac are the ports. You have two options, either buy a bunch of adapters for each type of port, or buy an universal adapter that has it all.I love the quality of this adapter and that it matches the color of the Mac.
Nice product	It's thin compared to most of the adapters I was eyeing. Yet is more than functional for what I am using it for.The best thing hands down is the 3 USB 3.0 ports!
All the ports you need	Has been working just fine, but I wish the cable was longer. It's what I knew about and I bought this, so gets a five star! Like that it is compact, have had minimal issues while using it in the past three months.
Convenient hub	I got this to read microSD cards from my drone to the phone. This reader is sooo much faster than anything else I've tried for moving and viewing large files. The only "issue" is it seems to only read one card at a time. If I insert a card in the microSD and one in the SD slot, neither shows up. With one card at a time both slots work great! Nice aluminum case is a bit heavy, but feels strudy.
High speed, powered by usb port, and works FINE with 500GB ssd's!	This device is very light with metal casing. I have seen review of other "cheap" adaptor, the reviewer complained about the adaptor became very hot when coping large amount of data. Not with this device, since the casing is metal with large surface, copying large amount of data using this device will only make it "comfortably warm", and can be managed safely and easily.I was planning to use it with my Google Pixel, so was looking for light and compact device. I am very surprised that it is really light and compact.After receiving it, I plug it into my Google Pixel, and insert a 128 GB micro SD card into the reader. I was prompted to format the disk, and my Google Pixel had hard time reading the micro SD card. This makes me somewhat disappointed with the device. After all, my intention was to take the SD card (I would prefer to use 128 GB card) from a regular camera, and thru this device to display on the Google Pixel. As an experiment, I removed the 128 GB card, and inserted a 32 GB card. This time, I did not receive the "format disk" prompt, and I was able to view the content inside the 32 GB card.Thinking that "format disk" message might be from Google Pixel itself, I plug the hub into my Asus Chromebook with 128 GB card in it. Interesting enough, I had no problem viewing the content inside the 128 GB SD card. This experiment made me realize that the "format disk" prompt was really coming from my Google Pixel (first generation), which most likely could not handle any SD card with capacity greater than 32 GB (maybe 64 GB).After knowing that the problem was caused by my own Google Pixel phone, I know how to by-pass this problem when using this device with my Google Pixel, use a lower capacity SD card.There are three "shortcomings" of this device that everyone should know.1) As I mentioned above, if you encountered "format disk" prompt, try to use lower capacity disk. It most likely generated by your own phone or computer.2) USB-C interface supposedly has no "up" or "down" side, and can be plug in any side. But this device requires you to plug the device with logo facing up, otherwise it won't work. When you plug it in with the "right" side, a little light will light up to let you know that it is connected.3) When you are done with the hub, make sure to remove it. I plug this device in my Chromebook for more than a week, and this device seems to "drain" the power from the Chromebook, even the Chromebook has power down.The three "shortcomings" above is easy to deal with, I will still give this device a 5 star rating.
Just what my laptop needed	The Flepow adaptor has everything I need all in one place. Before I had to use multiple adaptors for HDMI, Card reading, and additional USB ports, but this adaptor has it all! The length of the cord is the perfect length for my laptop to be able to plug everything in seamlessly. Highly recommend this product!
Micro as direct to ipad	I work from home and needed something that could handle all of the equipment that needed a port. Great product and well worth?
Easy to use!!!	Only issue is the USB-C that connects the hub to the computer is too short.  I would prefer it to be about 6 inches longer.
Use With 2019 MacBook Pro and it’s Worth The Money	that very good
Very Durable	Works with new (2019) Dell XPS 13. HDMI and USB ports all function well. Product feels sturdy.
Yes yes yes! A MUST buy for any new Mac users!	This little thing is awesome. I dabble in a lot of different things like photography, audio production, and video editing. Since my MacBook only has 4 usb-c ports, this thing is a godsend. It has everything I need and it works very well. I would recommend this to everyone needing a usb hub and I would definitely buy it again.
Great way to expand your MacBook's Thunderbolt ports.	I have a mid-2017 MacBook Pro, which only has two USB-C Thunderbolt ports. I needed expansion capabilities from a hub but mostly needed additional USB ports. This port adapter stands apart from other multiport adapters because it has three USB 3.0 ports. Most other adapters only have one, so if you have a lot of peripherals, like an external drive, a mouse, or USB headphones, this adapter has you covered. The HDMI port also works flawlessly and allows me to connect a monitor to extend my desktop. I would strongly recommend this adapter and would purchase it again.
It works !	It works awesome for me! No issues so far
Perfectly functional	It's not clear from the ad that you need an HDMI connector.
Works like a charm!	I have to use this all of the time with the 2017 MacBook Pro. Have had no issues with it and is much better than getting the individual USB converters!
A simple way to turn a laptop into a full desktop setup	I purchased a new Mac and didn't realize there were not an USB ports. I need to get up with the time. I researched this product and was surprised how EZ it was to use. I must admit...I still like the USB to be part of the computer itself; however, if you need a product that functions well...I suggest giving this a try.
Good Product!	I use it to access USB files, connect to my TV via HDMI and my canon camera. Works great very sleek looking matches my Macbook Air and a great price and value.
Great USB C Hub	I recently purchased a Dell XPS 2-in-1 and it only comes with a USB-C slot. I bought this device so I can use it for my mouse, HDMI, etc. I have had this device for about 5 months and use maybe about 3 days a week. It still looks new and does its job well. The material feels okay, does not feel cheap nor heavy. I usually tuck it in the pocket of my laptop case and carry it around to coffee shops, etc. Overall I am pleased with this purchase and will recommend.
I love it!	This USB C HUB is very lightweight and easy to carry. The transfer is very fast and has smooth connection.
High Quality, Compact Package	This gives my MacBook the flexibility to add some additional devices. easy to carry and use.
Works as advertised with a much cooler temperature	This USB C hub is built well, and I see it lasting for a while. It works just right for what I need it for. All ports work just right.
Excellent hub that does the job	I love this adapter! As a student, I use a lot of different technology devices on a daily basis, and this has been a lifesaver! The material is high quality with a sleek look. I can fit it in the side of the book bag, which is super convenient. It’s extremely lightweight.
Great Adapter	Bought this for Galaxy S10+. Wanted use the Software based DEX feature the phone has. The hub works. I use it on the road along with a USB wireless mouse & keyboard combo, using the hdmi on it to use hotel TVs as monitors.
Excellent product	Just be sure to use an hdcp 2.2 hdmi cable & you should have no issues with using it for the hdmi / 4k.
It works	Good quality and everything feels solid and not flimsy. The metal matches the MacBook perfectly and looks really good next to it.  The packaging it came in was even nice.
Love it	I love how convenient this product is! I use it for college in order to connect my usb to my laptop, so this is really helpful!
Convenient hub	I used this USB product to connect to my Mac so I could use my older products such as photo disks and USBs. . It works well, though it is one more thing to keep up with! I couldn't access my old material without it, though, so I'm grateful to have it.
Just as promised	Great product works very well!
Well designed!	Works great-exactly what I had hoped for when purchasing!
Great product.	Great product that’s durable and functions well!
Convienient	Works just as advertised.  Great for freeing up the limited number of USB ports on Lenovo X1's.
Great product at a great price.	My husband uses with a MacBook and loves it.
Amazing Product!	I recently purchased a Lenovo Yoga 730 which came with only 1 USB port and 1 USB-C port. This multiport adapter is very handy and allows me to connect to a larger HD monitor via the HDMI as well as use multiple USB devices at once. The size is quite small and very portable for traveling. The cable is also thick and not flimsy.
Great service	Works well.  Delivered quickly.
Works great with everything but my iPad	overall, the design is sleek, durable and easy to travel with. my only gripe is that when my phone is plugged into the usb port, my phone disconnects and asks every 10-15 minutes if i can trust my computer. i don't think this is a problem with my usb cable, as i've tested it with multiple different authentic iphone chargers and the same thing still happens.
Great service	Works great. Just as described.
Love it	This is an awesome little device that helped clean up the aesthetics of my PC Gaming Desk. Fast 3.0 ports for my mouse, keyboard, and Astro Amp...im using a laptop. Yea i kno i kno.
Exactly what I needed all-in-one	I love that I can add all my USB attachments and camera/phone disk all together! Everything I was looking for and more great quality as well.
Fast Data Transfer	Three USB 3.0 plugs, SD card reader, and a 4k HDMI out. What more do you need?
Great addition to IPad Pro	Great multi tool connection device.
Love it	I really love the accessibility of this USB hub. It has different ports such as USB 3.0, SD card and even HDMI! I use this everyday and haven't had any issues with it.
Works Great	Amazing product
Simple and work perfectly	I have bought many different brands of this, and I must say this is one of my favorites. It has a nice sturdy build to it and a nice price to go along with it. If you are looking for an adapter such as this, it is well worth the price.
Convenient	This works well, looks professional, and seems really solidly made.  Zero complaints.  The USB port on new computers is nice in many ways: small, fast you can charge up with it.  But guess what?  None of your devices work with it.  Now they all will.
Great all inclusive Multiport Adapter	The product is very light weighted and slim, which is very beneficial for transportation.
It just works.	looks nice
Great product	I can't get my phone to charge or upload photos with a USB3 cord and this adapter. The USB3 end will not insert all the way into the unit. You can see a substantial amount of the silver plug when it's inserted all the way. The USB3 ports are too shallow.  It will charge the phone for a few moments and then stop. Charge and then stop. I tried every USB3 cord in the house and none will insert all the way into the ports. I bought two of these based on the five star rating and they are useless, so I'm returning them. The item is exactly as pictured (FlePow) but it doesn't work.
Great way to expand your MacBook's Thunderbolt ports.	Heads up. I am writing this review so I can get the free gift that the FlePow promised - a USB type C to USB 3.0 adapter.I received this product today for my Macbook Pro 2019. I was disappointed that the new macbooks do not have any USB ports but this product has made the transition to USB-C slightly better. I am just a regular consumer, and I am currently backing up my computer. Backing up is slightly faster - but this may not be a testament to this product but USB-Cs in general.
Portable, solid, and well-made	This is a quality product with great build quality. It enables me to connect "non" USB C peripherals to my 2018  15 ' MacBook Pro that I had been able to in the past. I now have access to files that I was unable to in the past and am happy with this product.4
Plug and Play	It is light and compact. Makes it easy when I need to use a pen drive or USB port.
GREAT FOR TRAVEL	The item works great.  I've traveled with it and used it for presentations, very easy to carry.  High quality.  My computer doesn't have USB ports so I use this daily.
light weight and easy	for connecting multiple devices to my Mac at work
Just About Perfect	This works really well with my Surface Go which has only a single Type C USB port.  Between this hub and a retractable mini mouse I am set to travel.  I don't see how the ports at 3 times the price can be any better.  Only negative:  I wish the cable was about 3 inches longer because my Go's port is 2/3 of the way up on the screen (not like a laptop keyboard) and the hub just hangs there instead of lying flat on the desk.  No big deal.  I'm just a neat freak.
Works well	The USB C Hub Multiport Adapter - 7 in 1 Portable Space Aluminum Dongle with 4K HDMI Output works very well. It handles all ports well when I tested them. Everything worked as I'd hoped and the power to each port was sufficient to run whatever I plugged in. I ran multiple ports at once and all worked well. I recommend this.
4K HDMI works well	It's a great tool
GOOD BUY.	This is great!!! Easy to use and fast shipping!
Small and light enough to easily keep in your bag at all times	Item came earlier than expected! Nice clean design, heavy duty material and all the ports you need in one. Perfect!
Everything I need and more	Great bang for your buck. Does what it says. Good quality. Would buy again.
Great Addition	Thus USB hub works Perfectly with my computer! I’ve tried other brands but they did not work. This hub is the one to buy.
The perfect buy	Very happy with my purchase. I will definitely do business again.
Very easy to use	Im using it to connect my excersise computer. Works out really well.
Great product!	Slimmer and less bulky than competing products, thus doesn't take as much space in a laptop bag.
Matches space gray looks and works well	Easy to use, sleek and well made - works like a charm
Works great!	It works as expected, and you can't beat the price.
5 Star product	Combine all together. Like it.
Perfect for ipad also	Perfect item for the ipad pro, also for the macbook. Im so recommend it for my friend definitely.
Good Value for Money	I received the product and it worked well for the first few days with no lag on either the wireless keyboard or mouse.  Recently, I have noticed a lag in both the wireless keyboard and mouse, but I am not sure it is related to the adapter or not.  The HDMI connection works great as well.  I will continue to use this and try to sort out the lag with the keyboard and mouse.
Metal body, good value	I haven't tested all of the different ports, but the ones I have used functioned as expected
Works Well	This is really an essential tool to have, it has all the ports you typically need and it works great.
Está  muy  bueno	plugged it in and that was it.worked perfectlyvery  happy with the product
Best bang for your buck!	Excellent / reliable product.  Highly recommend.
Works for multiple devices	Works perfectly.  Small enough to be portable and meets all my needs.
Great product	Great product. Works very well with my new MacBook Pro. Great price.
Convenient all-in-one Hub!	I really like this adapter, it is small, portable and has ports to charge headphones, iPhones, connect to tv, monitor--, etc.  Glad I bought it!
All you need in one	I was looking for a USB-C dongle for my new MacBook Air, and this worked perfectly!
Sleek, Slim & Stylish	Works great. cant compliain. Picture quality is fine material build is solid
Good Product!	This product is beneficial. I use it every day in my day-to-day life. I recommend this product for anyone who is considering buying this product.
Material	GREAT DEVICE!!! I was surprised at the material used to make this product. It is very durable and works great with my laptop.
Great Value	This is awesome. Small in size yet has all the that I need. I would definitely recommend it.
A great recommend !	It very easy to use and no extra software/driver needed for it.Totally in love with this plug and play and connect multiple device at once.
The device works as promised	The product is great!  There is no extra software needed to get things going.  It’s lightweight and has all the necessary ports you need for daily function.
Works Well	I use this hub everyday at work.  Works really great and has a port for everything that I need it to have. Even has a little light to let you know it's working.  I would definitely buy this again.
This is the perfect adapter for any MacBook user.	Works great. Bought this multi port hub when I got my new Apple MacBook. Works well and accepts all the different ports I need including USB and SD card.
Best bang for your buck!	I’m using my 2019 iPad Pro as a laptop and this USB Adaptor works perfectly for my keyboard and mouse or if I’m uploading to my memory card. Well worth the money 👍🏼
Excellent product	this product was just what I have been looking for and I am very satisfied
Compact but offers a lot!	No complaints from me, got it mainly for the hdmi port but have gotten use of the usb ports as well, been 3 months and it hasn't failed me yet, would recommend if you're travelling with your laptop often and need acces to multiple ports.
Works great!	Everything about this is great! I love the flexible wire. I love the quality and durability of the material. It works perfectly fine. Great price too. Only thing missing is a travel pouch, luckily I had an extra one of those from when I bought my car stereo system.
En tiempo	very good and affordable.
Great Product!	Works with my Mac book pro
Allows eternal connection to your usb c computers	Ive been hunting for a good hub for far too long, but now I'm confident to say that finally Ive found the missing item in my setup. This hub is an absolute beast. You can't go wrong with it, you simply can't. Highly recommend.
It works	I use this everyday when working on my MacBook and I have not encountered any issues so far. When I first bought my MacBook, I knew I had to buy something like this. I had seen some of these at stores for much higher prices so when I found this one on here, I was excited to try it out.
Great product, just I was looking for	I needed the adaptor so that I could hook up an HDMI cord to my MacBook for presenting a powerpoint on a TV. It was perfect and has other ports one of which I needed for the remote presenter!
Adds needed functionality for the MacBook pro	I think USB c is the future but right now there are just so many devices I have that are not USB c compatible. This adapter has been an absolute lifesaver. I mainly bought it because of the style of the device and how it goes along with the macbook space gray color scheme. I would definitely recommend this product if you need to connect a  normal USB / HDMI port / SD / microSD to your macbook pro.
More Than Expected	Perfect for my mac book! i love how I card charge my phone use my sd card and USB Drive all at the same time
This is the perfect adapter for any MacBook user.	This is the perfect adapter for any MacBook user. After a good amount of time using this adapter, I have come to the conclusion that this is the best bang for your buck when in comes to USB type C adapters. with 3 USB ports and an HDMI port I am already happy but since it has SD and micro SD slots, I am even happier. this is perfect for anyone who is looking to get extra functionality out of their computer. I am very happy with this product!
Great USB C Hub	Very light and compact.  I purchased this specifically for using an HDMI cable so I could use my large TV as a second monitor.  Convenient that there are extra USB ports as well as two card reader slots.  The addition of one or more USBC ports would make this the perfect companion to my new MacBook Air.
Portable, solid, and well-made	Perfect!!!!
Reliable product	I’m very satisfied with this product. I bought a new MacBook Pro and needed a USB for external hard drives and wireless mouse - this hub does the trick!
Great sleek and sturdy semi-compact product.  * 4.5/5 *	Nice. To connect usb A to usb c in my mb pro.Will buy again to have a spare one (it will break eventually, by its nature) as it looks like it can break due to the fact that as I use it, it hangs from the cable. That's not an issue with other people but in my case it is.
Great functioning USB Hub	Bought this to be used with both Mac and Windows laptops and it has been great.  It has all of the ports that I need.  Highly recommended.
Good, product, great buying experience	Nice product. I’ve used it to connect USB devices and HDMI to play videos onto my TV. So far so good!
Works well	I liked it.
Well designed!	Works as advertised.
All you need in one	This product does what it's supposed to and is lightweight and easy to travel with.
Very compact and efficient	I received this product for free and the customer service has been great but unfortunately, this device does not seem to function for my HP laptop but at least I get some use as it is compatible with my phone.  It's lightweight, sleek, portable, and the feedback through the HDMI is exceptional.
Good quality for the price	Works great, small and light.
Great Value	Was looking for adapter with many options so i didn't have to carry several adapters around--this does the trick.  love that it has an sd card input, a lot of others do not have that and I need it for transferring photos and videos from my camera.
Excellent hub that does the job	Previously bought a similar hub from a different brand that would only function with one port at a time. This one actually distributes the bus power properly and works great.
useful	Great size. Works great. Lots of ports. Very versatile.
Very very happy	it works amazing! buying some more for the holidays
Good, product, great buying experience	I love this product! It's small and easy to carry around with me, and it has every port that I need for my computer. Definitely would recommend!
Great USB C Hub	I purchased this for my new macbook pro and I have to say that I am very impressed. For not being a name brand I know and being relatively cheap it works very fast and all ports work well, it has everything I was looking for since the port options on the mac do not. Not only does it work well but it looks and feels very solid and sleek. Seems to be built well. I have been using it constantly for a few days now and dont have any complaints yet.
TRASH STAY AWAY	When I bought a new MacBook , apple tried to sell me an adapter (with way fewer ports than this one) for triple the price. This product is priced well and has a great amount of USB ports. Best of all, the material used to make the adapter matches the metal used to make my laptop--same texture, same color, which adds to the aesthetic. This adapter is infinitely better than the white, bulky, overpriced, less useful apple adapter.
Great expansion options for your USB C device	I love this product. It is small and portable, connects to my Mac, is well built and feels like it will last years. It is also very affordable. I would recommend this to all with a Mac looking for a USB C adaptor.
Works Great	I suggest to try this product
Easy to use and good quality	I bring it with me to work with my new MacBook Air. The three USB ports and HDMI port are very helpful.
Game Changer Adapter! Awesome!	Lots of products out there and it can be confusing if not overwhelming what to get/what you need.  This is ONLY product you need.  3 USB ports (think iphone, flash drive plus an extra one for whatever)...camera card readers (big and small), and an HDMI (I'm old school and use it on my TV....maybe appleTV is next).Get this and you'll be pleased...I guarantee it.
High Quality for a great price.	I love this usb c hub with hdmi and card reader. Works flawless every single time. Durable and compact.
Great product, just I was looking for	Great price and excellent quality.  Worth every penny!
need longer flexible cord	This hub works perfectly as advertised. I was surprised at the construction. It feels really solid and well made and even has a little led that says when it is active. It worked immediately with my mac without any fuss and became part of my workflow right away.
Matches space gray looks and works well	Affordable and works well. I recommend it.
So far, so good!	Doesn't work.
Excellence	Perfect for my Mac works great!
Working really well!	I'm using this with a 2019 iMac in a music production studio, connecting an external 3K monitor via HDMI and several USB MIDI & flash storage devices at once... all from one USB-C port with no issues so far!Also tested HDMI with a Macbook Air, that worked flawlessly too.This is a convenient and affordable solution compared to a lot of other options out there.
Perfect Multiport for Mac Users	It's fine. I have connectivity issues with a Mac. I don't think it works fantastic. Typically apple products where you have to buy the apple version to work. Why doesn't apple just put the ports on the machine. Totally lame. The device is fine.
This is the one to get	I originally bought this for travel purposes, but it came in very handy when my wife starting working from home due to Covid-19.  We were able to set up multiple monitors and peripherals to help her work.  It has a small footprint and the ports were just what was needed.  Planning on buying another and would recommend this to anyone.
Excellent hub that does the job	I purchased this to directly connect my usb drives to my TV . It does not work . I’ll return it right away
Super handy to have around!	This is a great lightweight product that gets the job done! The color matches perfectly with my Space Grey MacBook Pro and it has been essential for adding the features that Apple decided to cut out. Great purchase!
Great product	This thing is sturdy.  It is small and it works.  No complaints here.
The Item as described	Works like a charm! Would recommend to anyone
Very useful	I browsed through a bunch of products before I decided to try this one. It’s great. It’s small, light, and has exactly what I need. The other ones I saw had 4 USBs and no SD card. This also has an hdmi port. I recommend!
multiple ports, very convenient	My laptop only has two USB ports; since I use one for my mouse, that only leaves one for anything else I might need. This product gives me three additional ports, which is so helpful. I can plug in a thumb drive, my cell phone, and my tablet all at once.  It’s really small and light, but it also feels sturdy. It also doesn’t get overheated when I use it for a long time.  Totally worth it, especially for traveling.
Good product	Nicely made. Small and lightweight. Good number of ports. Only thing missing is power passthrough.
Nice design!	Simple, durable and easy to use. Plenty of connection options available with high speed data transfer. Definitely a good buy compared to the price.
Useful	Performs exactly as expected but also is extremely durable and portable.
Works grate	I like this product, but the cord could be longer.
Great adapter!	Great handy product for  my Mac Pro
high quality product.	Bought this for my wife's Macbook Pro.It works great and even worked very well in the car during our long travels.No problems what so ever.
Great	Great little gadget! a lot smaller and compact than I thought!
Love it so far!	This multiport adapter was exactly what I needed for my new MacBook Pro. I have a number of USB 2 peripherals and transfer photos and video via SD cards, so I needed a hub that could handle all that. This hub handles all that and more. Also, the HDMI port is handy for using my large external display. I love that it has all these accessories with a small form factor and an affordable price. All the ports fit the cables and cards just right. This is exactly what I wanted.
Great Customer Service	Very useful for transferring data when the ports you have are limited. Particularly useful for macs because they lack ports. I use this for my laptop which has a microusb port.Build quality is also very nice.
It works	The concept of this item is great, but read the devices that it is compatible with closely. It does not just fit a Mac.  Only certain ones, so read carefully.
Good product	I love this product.  So much so that I had to buy 2!!!It sleek looking and matches my Macbook pro very well.The HDMI output is perfect for what I needed it to do!
Game Changer Adapter! Awesome!	This USB C Hub adapter is amazing. I thought it was going to be really big and awkward but it is not.  Very portable and works very well.  I highly recommend this adapter.
Works Well	Have been using this device for about 2 months and it works as expected.  No issues with any of the ports.  Arrived on time and was well packaged and in good condition.
Excellence	Very satisfied with my device. I 'm considering a second unit to carry around with me. The delivery time exceeded my expectation. It was delivered as an express order without the extra charge.
High speed, powered by usb port, and works FINE with 500GB ssd's!	The build quality is good and everything works individually. However, when I hooked it up with HDMI to a 2K external monitor and a USB dongle for my Logitech wireless keyboard and mouse combo, the mouse and keyboard has a severe lag and the display disconnects occasionally which completely defeats the purpose of this product. It is definitely not a problem with my laptop's transfer speed since it's the 16-inch MacBook Pro with high end specs and I use the USB type C to hook up two 4K displays (which is significantly heavier than 2K + keyboard) in my office.
Excellent product	Got a new laptop and needed to plug in standard USB plugs. This gets the job done.
This works really well!	Works as advertised.  Necessary for a Mac
Extremely durable. You want these with a hard connect as this product has because it lasts longer.	it's small and nice. nothing to complain about! next thing to see is how long it last.
Does exactly what it is supposed to do	This was the perfect addition to my Macbook Air. I was initially frustrated by the lack of ports on the computer and the clunky adapters that you find in stores, but this solved every problem i had. The number of ports and the variety means that all i have to do is throw this in the bag and go. The metal body matches the computer so you still get the sleek feel you have with a mac. At first i was annoyed with the small cord attached (other items are available without it), but you are not always in the idea working location and this gives you the flexibility to work on uneven surfaces and not worry about side loading the ports.I would recommend for anyone buying a macbook
Love it	I've been holding out buying a dongle for my MacBook Pro because of the Apple price point (super expensive). When I saw this hub, I immediately purchased it for the price alone. I've been using everyday for the past two months, mostly using two external hard drives and an SD card all at once, and never have I had any issues are even so much as a lag. Highly recommend.
I love it	This product is very useful because it is very small and portable. It also has many holes where you could put an HDMI  for your tv and many others. It is easy to travel with. It is a five-star product. I totally recommend it.
light weight and easy	Works well. functions as advertised
Very Great	Awesome product. Works great with our new Mac mini.. 👍
Awesome!	This thing is great for the limited usb-c spots on the new MacBooks. It really does everything I need and is going strong after like 6 months
Very solid build and portable for the price.	Great quality and versatility. The material is exactly like the MacBook Pro Space Grey metal. It’s easily portable and compact given what it can do.
Works as Expected	Very satisfied with this product.
Very good, not perfect	This is a great USBc adapter device both for travel and at home, has multiple usb ports as well as hdmi, and sd ports. Lightweight and sturdy. All you will ever need to connect your USBc computer to almost any other device; great value
Great for adding a second external HDMI monitor and more USB ports to a laptop	I was looking for a solutions to connect devices to my MacBook Pro. After comparing the many options out there I decided to go with this USB C Multiport Adapter. It arrived super fast within one day in a nice little box. Inside it looked solid, organized and came with a little manual. You simply had to take it out of the package, plug it in and it was ready to go. It met all my needs for connecting my devises seamlessly. So happy with choice and definitely would recommend it.
High quality hub	You get exactly what you're looking for! have not had any issue with the ports so far. Great dongle!
Works for multiple devices	Bought this for my new Mac that doesn't have any USB ports.  Works great and I like that it allows me to plug in three USB devices at once!
Good adapter	All ports work but transferring files is pretty slow. Better off plugging my drive directly into my computer.
As advertised!	Could not be any better-met expectations and works well
A great hub	It was not working first time and thought I may have to return this, but after some research, I made it working. it is actually working pretty nice - good quality product!here are the tips:If you are using Windows 10 and hub is not working - try this:- confirm whether the hub's small led is blinking -> i was thinking this is possibly because of output current is not enough or Windows O/S is not providing power for the hub.. -- go to device manager and find Generic SuperSpeed USB hub.- uncheck "Allow the computer to turn off this device to save power".- if it doesn't work, repeat this with all of parent usb hub devices - i.e. USB Root Hub (USB3.0), Intel(R) USB 3.1 eXtensible Host Controller.... you will see those device if you select "Devices by connection" from View menu.
Great Product	With new IpadOS this a must item to have. Excellent.
Works great!	This USB works well. It's small and has many slots.
Great product	Delivered fast and does everything I want it to.I don't love the macbook that I'm plugging it into,  but the hub is great.
Works as Expected	I was satisfied with this product.
Just as described; better than expected	Unusable. When I plug it into my MacBook Pro, it interferes with my WiFi for some reason. Plug it in, WiFi connection slows to the point of unusable, then I unplug it and my connection works again. I have no idea why but it’s very disappointing. I wish I could get my money back because I had to get an Apple adapter In the end. If I worked offline it would probably be fine.
product was ok	I love everything about it!!
Makes my laptop more useable	Seems to be well made. I got it to read SD cards and it has worked great.
Better Than Paying $90 For A Dongle!	Great little dongle, especially for the price!  Enjoyed the fact that it has USB 3.0 connectors as well as an HDMI port.  That's nice.  Doesn't feel cheaply made at all!
Está  muy  bueno	Great product. Works well. Like all of the available plug-in features.
Great	I recommend it
Great product, just I was looking for	I bought this hub because I purchase a new Macbook Air and I needed to connect my backup hard drive and external monitor, this hub has exactly what I needed , USB and HDMI ports
Extremely durable. You want these with a hard connect as this product has because it lasts longer.	Multipurpose and compact.
Good Adapter	Great value, still works with no issues even in rough environments.
USB C 7 in 1 hub.	There were many options for a USB C to 3.0 adapter out there, few as perfect as this for functionality. It was important for me to have three USB 3.0 ports- for my external hard drive, a mouse, and an extra port in case I needed to plug in my phone while running the other two devices. Many other adapters were more expensive and had too many features or were larger. This is affordable, small enough to travel with, high quality fit and finish, and covers all of my needs.
Works great!	I WAS SATISFIED WITH THIS PURCHASE.
What I was looking for!!	Works with my MacBook Pro. Extremely light, thank you!
GOOD BUY.	The only issue I have is that the hub doesn’t have any way to attach to the MacBook like others I have seen. Other than that it’s an A+ product.
Buenísimo producto	Size and convenience of it is great. Such a small (good sized) hub that has everything you could need.
Great all in one device.	Small size and easy ...working wiyh my external 3 TB hard disk
Great purchase	This adapter does exactly what it is supposed to do. It matches my MacBook Pro really well in color and finish.
Work perfectly	This product is perfect if on the go and need to connect elsewhere where you connection may not be available, or to have additional ports for your laptop.
Great service	Arrived sooner than expected. Works ver well.
Best bang for your buck!	Its a good size.  Unfortunately, there was some problem with my product. However, the Amazon seller was very humble and effective with the response and refunded me for the product. Appreciate the great after sales service.
Works well, but USB response jittery when using in combination with HDMI	So far so good.  Matches with my MacBook pro space gray and it works as advertised.  Good product.
Simple but effective!	This thing is great. Works perfectly.
Simple and work perfectly	All functions perform to specs, solid construction and an excellent value.  Power output able to support external hard drive.
Very compact and efficient	I wasn't kinda surprised how well made this is. nice aluminum it looks like it should last me a bit the price was decent too
HDMI port does not work very well	The HDMI port is very touchy, does not always project on monitor. Disappointing as this was the reason I bought it.
Good Product	Metal enclosure makes it tough.  Plug and play. That easy!
Perfect one!	Good solid product.
Love it	I just received this product and so far it works as advertised.  It's solidly built, not plastic!
High Quality	I'm very satisfied with the price point of this product, and the functionality/quality are perfect for the price as well!
This works really well!	This has came into great use, had this for a few months no problems yet.
Love it	Love it
Does what it should	Excellent dongle. Looks like it's made by Apple, matches space gray MacBook.
Works as advertised	Works
Perfect for MacBook pro multitasking	Great product. I got is as a gift for my surface pro and it works great.
Wireless Mouse Freezes	My wireless mouse works fine when plugged directly into my laptop. Then when I plug it into this adapter, it gets glichy and freezes up to a point of complete dysfunction. Do not plan on using this product with multiple inputs including a wireless mouse.
Very compact	Plug and play ‘Mac’ style usb-hub. I like to use it with my iPad and guitar. It doesn’t need to be tuned, just plug in and play.
Great service	Very nice MacBook hub！Has everything I need.
Metal body, good value	Works great - no problems and sturdy material
Delivers the goods at a fair price.	I use this with an Apple Macbook Pro laptop, with two primary uses:1. For office use: Macbook supports multiple monitors, but only one per port. I have video adaper, and use this one to support a second monitor in a new office setup.2. Travel: this replaces several devices, including a memory card reader, support for additional USB ports, and for external monitors when they are available.What it won't work (at least I don't want to try): my power adapter also plugs into a USB-C on my Macbook. I could save a port by putting this device in-line, but reading reviews for comparable products, they are not designed to handle that amount of power going through them. I have not tried putting this device in-line, and do not intend to do so.I'm pleased with the quality, size and construction. I recommend it to others that need it for travel, or to support an additional external monitor on a Macbook Pro.
Many IO options	This is my second USB hub for my mac. The first one from another company worked okay but had a heating problem. This product does not get hot after hours of use while maintaining good connections with USBs and HDMI. The material is sturdy.
Awesome addition for a Mac Mini	I bought this for my USB-C only computer so that it could attach to my HDMI display, but it also brought a variety of other features. The fact that this one adapter has all the features I need, I don't have to hassle with switching adapters all the time and buying and buying even more adapters. It is surprisingly small and still carries so many ports, which makes it a lot easier than carrying multiple adapters all at once. It's built out of strong metal, and is much more durable than the other plastic adapters. When traveling, it's much easier than carrying multiple adapters and is a perfect fit for my portable computer which uses USB-C. One problem I just have is that the wire is not very flexible, and can sometimes be obstructive. Otherwise, this is a great product and I highly recommend buying it.
Worth every penny!	I am loving this adapter, it is easy to connect and works perfect.Lot better than my previous adapters.I seriously recommend this product
7 different ports, sturdy built	I was very excited about this product because of the price and quality of the product.  I use it often and it is easy to carry with me to work.  It is also very easy to use.  I would recommend this product to everyone and would purchase again!
Great	I like that it is small and that it has a lot of ports
Great Addition	Super light weight and works with everything I’ve tried it with, highly recommend!
Versatile	It allows me to be able to complete my work and save it in order to use it in my classroom.
Must have for your Macbook!	Although I have not been able to test-ride its all ports yet, so far I have been very happy with its USB ports. It does not look like a cheap built and its portable. I like it so far.
Great product!	Just took it out of the box.
Great product at a great price.	I like that this is compatible with the MACBOOK. You can use an SD card and a micro SD. The multiple ports are useful especially because we use an external keyboard. This is a great tool for students.
Great Customer Service	Usb connections worked fine. The HDMI connection doesn't provide enough power for an external monitor or a T.V.
received ; as advertised	Connecting USB storage is not an issue since it does not require constant and stable connection.  BUT HDMI display and mouse connection is glitchy. The cursor "jumps" due to unstable connection and it is basically unusable for me.
Happy	This is perfect if you have a MacBook Pro and need USB access - multiple devices available with this handy item!
Very portable!	It takes up very little space.
Easy to use.	Great product, space grey matches the new MacBook pros perfectly. Nice build quality too, and it works as advertised. Would buy again!
Great USB-C Multi-Port Adapter for Mac	I thought using this product was going to be more complicated than it was. I just plugged one end into my phone, inserted a USB drive into one of the slots, and then downloaded a video I took onto the flash drive. Now I can share the flash drive with friends so that they can upload the video onto their computers.
Love it so far!	The hub works just as I expected-- no hiccups, no surprises when it comes to the ports. What surprised me the most were the build quality and the weight. It has an aluminum finish that pretty much exactly matches my MacBook. A passerby would just assume that it came with the laptop from the factory. Also very lightweight and portable, big plus since I'm often traveling with my machine and need all the necessary adapters for work.
Great all inclusive Multiport Adapter	Great product for the price. I helps a lot specially with the new McBook’s.
Great purchase	Love this product so much better than any other I have purchased. The product is durable being able to handle multiple ports in use at once.  The quality and ease of having ports to accommodate USB, HDMI, and SD card at the same time is very useful.  I would recommend to anyone who needs extra ports, travel, or convenience.
Works seamlessly with PC but very limited with iPad.	I'm so glad I bought this product. When I got my new MacBook Pro, I knew I would need an adapter. After reading a bunch of different reviews, I purchased this USB C Hub. It's just perfect! I travel quite as a speaker, so I'm always needing to plug in a projector and sound cables to my laptop. This adapter fits the bill perfectly! I even was with one client and they wanted me to use their adaptor. We couldn't get it to work. Thankfully, I had this adapter with me, and I was able to make all the technology work perfectly! So glad I bought this!
A great recommend !	Great buy.  Works very well 😊
Functional and portable	This is rock solid - great construction, and a great value. I would highly recommend buying this as it is perfect.It is compact and great for travel. Buy this. 
great product	Very versatile product, I would recommend this item
Very useful	The hub is made of good quality material not the usual flimsy plastic just begging to be broken.  It has plenty of plugs in USB ports as well as memory card readers.  It has worked very well for me.  It has a small led light to show it is powered up.
Perfect Multiport for Mac Users	I needed this because I bought a new MacBook pro with touchbar and I needed something to attach all my stuff as the MacBook pro only comes with USB C connections.  It works well so far.  I'm happy with it.
Solidly built - works well	I got this for my MacBook Pro and it works absolutely fine without any issues. Does the job neatly and detects connection faster without any lag. I wish the connector type c port is attached to the product instead of a cable, which would be more compact and easily portable
Good	I used this to help organize my desk when moving into college. Very useful and meets all my needs.
Works well, but USB response jittery when using in combination with HDMI	7 in 1 should not include the cord connecting to the device. It’s suppose to be 7 ports. Turned out to be useless for what I needed.
Great USB C Hub	Fast shipping, have yet to use the product, looks good and feels sturdy.
The device works as promised	man, I really like the touch and smoothness it has, and the color really matches my dark grey MacBook pro. I like this product, if you need one, just buy it.
Excellent product.	very positive
The device works as promised	Great product! Small and convenient - easy to transport. Very sleek looking. No problems with function so far!! Would recommend.
Works as described	Exactly as described. Portable and simplistic.
Wont work with only Samsung note 9	mments: my laptop is HP Pavilion x360 convertibleWhen I plugged in my HDMI cord an error popped up saying it was malfunctioning & it doesn’t recognize the device. When I unplugged the HDMI and had my wireless mouse & keyboard it was fine. That’s not good for me since I bought the dongle for my monitor to clean up work space. I need all the ports to work togetherUpdate June 3, 2020: I thought it was usb that was defective but that’s not the case. I replaced it and the same error popped up This is 4K output usb my laptop is 1920x1080p and HP 24yh monitor is also outputting 1080p I didn’t even realize this until I seen it on the box.... :/ frustrated...you bet. Don’t buy unless you have a 4K monitor and laptop
Just what I needed!	I wanted to hook a 2nd monitor (3rd display) up to my new Lenovo Thinkbook 14s-ILW.  After hooking 2nd display though HDMI and getting Leno driver to work; I then turned on the 3rd display, plugged in the HDMI  to this hub, plugged it into the type C port and instantly had the 3rd display going.  Nothing to set on the laptop; it just came up perfectly.  So now I have 3 displays extended using a sub $30 adapter.  I almost spent $200 on the Lenovo one; glad I didn't.  This should work well on any laptop that has a USB Type C 3.0 that also has audio, video and power (think it's also called Thunderbolt)  Not all type C connectors are the same
Perfect to travel with	Pretty nice
Perfect product	This product arrived quickly and has all the connections I need.
Love It!	I am very pleased with my purchase. This adapter gives me the ability to do way more things on my Mac. I will definitely recommend to other Mac friends of mine!
Great value.	just got package awhile ago, everything works,so far so good, nice
Works seamlessly with PC but very limited with iPad.	Product is of very good quality for the price.  Aesthetics are visually appealing and match well with my laptop.  This is my first experience with usb type C, so I have not had the complete outcome of this feature.  The portability and size of this product is excellent.  Delivery was as prompt and as promised.  I am satisfied with my purchase of this product.  I would buy again.  A stand or something to hold it in place when needed would be nice.
4K HDMI works well	Every port works, and the item is very portable. All the cables that i've tried on the adapter work without any hassle. No complaints.
Love It!	I brought this for my MacBook and it’s a good/fast product overall. Only downside is that when I used it to charge my phone it was super slow, so I only use it with flash drives and sd cards.
easy to use	USB-A keyboard and wireless mouse work perfectly with this dongle.
Great Customer Service	This unit has a compatibility issue with my device I was not aware of; the seller apprised me of this and offered a very satisfactory resolution. The unit connects quickly, is made well, and is well worth the price. make sure you research the device you are going to use it with to be certain you have full functionality.
easy to use	Uploaded all my pic to my external hard rice finally. Works great. Wish the cable was a bit stronger and sturdy but it does the job.
Slim and sturdy	Good deal
Very compact and useful.	Great product!
Works well	I used this to connect my MacBook Pro 2016 with a monitor. it worked perfectly!!
Great addition to make iPad Pro more useful	Purchased the hub and used it for a couple weeks. There are three USB A ports but only two of them are functional.
Works AMAZING!	No problems with this one.  Have had others that didn’t do so well.  Recommended!!
The Item as described	Have had it a few months now and not a problem. Works great
light weight and easy	This is what i needed
All the ports you need	A must for my macbook pro that only has USB C ports. The three USB ports were critical to connect a wireless mouse, keyboard and have another slot for a thumb drive. The HDMI port is placed in an ideal spot and works well.
Worth every penny!	This adapter/hub was easy to install and works very well. It it a must for people whose computer, or other device has only a UBC-C input.
Work perfectly	As a college professor using a 2018 MacBook Pro, this is vital. I love how sleek the product is, and have no problem using any of the slots.
Great product.	Product works perfectly and is easy to use.
Plug and Play	The only thing I don’t like this  usb hub that doesn’t work with all mobile phones
Everything I need and more	Using this product for home use on computer and smart TV. So far, so good. No issues.
Very Satisfied	Out of all the options, this adapter right here will serve all of your 5in1 needs for video editing, gaming, ect.
Exactly what I needed	Great accessory for your modern digital life. Best USB C HUB.
This is the one to get	Works great, looks sleek, and has great speeds
Great Customer Service	Very nice and sleek design. Works with my 2018 iPad Pro 11 inch. SD Cards and Thumb drives work but i couldn't get it to read my external hard drives. I tried several. May have to see about getting a separate USB 3 to USB C adapter. But overall, it does what I need it to.
Amazing tool for your Mac in a world that is not 100% Mac yet	I loved this product, it is a great tool when I’m traveling. I still have a lot of information that can be accessed through USB drives and also I use it for my presentations
need longer flexible cord	The good folk at the Apple store didn't fully explain that my new laptop had NO usb ports. So I got home and was unable to connect my printer or other peripherals.  This Adaptor came quickly, and ha worked great.  I appreciate it's small profile.
Works Great	Sleek design and very useful
Game Changer Adapter! Awesome!	This little device is a game changer! I was able to turn my Samsung S8 Avtive into a virtual laptop computer by connecting this device andnthen connecting a monitor, keyboard and mouse to the adapter.  Amazing results! Who needs a laptop when I can simply carry my cell phone and this adapter?
Excellent Multi-@ort Adapter for All My Electronics While I Travel	I bought this product because I got a new 2019 MacBook Pro. It has a very competitive price, is lightweight, portable, and extremely easy to use. I am very happy with my purchase. I also received it very quickly.
The Item as described	Great adapter offering nany options. Love it.
Good, product, great buying experience	-Item seems sturdy-No problems with usage-Only complaint is that it's lacking an ethernet port, but can't have it all
Metal body, good value	This a great product! I use this everyday with my external mouse and usb drives. It's very convenient.
Great product.	3 months of use, that’s it. That’s all I got out of this USB hub. Caveat emptor
A must-have adapter for Macbook	I bought this to support my USB hard drive and USB keyboard and mouse to work with my new MAC Pro computer.  When I plugged it in it worked automatically and recognized my accessories immediately.  I would rather have a modular connector so that I can disconnect it when packing it to travel.  I didn't think about that when I purchased it.  It sill fits nicely in a case that I will use.  I am delighted with my choice.
Exactly what I needed all-in-one	Like that is is compact and doesn't take up much spacemakes it easy to go btw my MAC and Dell for things like printing and transferring files from one to the other
Small and light enough to easily keep in your bag at all times	great price and works well with my mac. I am happy with mypurchase.
convenient	I have been using this product for about months already and working very well!!
High Quality and Useful Product	The size is suitable, small and the price is great.
Compact but offers a lot!	Exactly as described and easy to use (plug and play).  The small size is perfect for traveling.  I've had many of the ports working at the same time with no issues.
Cell use	Works well.
Does exactly what it is supposed to do	Nice product. I use it with my new Dell laptop. It works well and it looks very sleek. It has a small profile which I like. Only wish it had charging capabilities as well. It would've been 5 stars if it had the charging.
Good adapter	I have had any issues with this product. I take it with me to school sometimes because most of the classrooms don't have the hdmi to usb-c adapter and it travels really well. The material is wonderful, it matches my space grey MacBook really well.
Works like a charm!	This hub definitely met my expectations. It's lightweight, and easy to travel with. So far I've only used the USB port to connect my phone, but the connection speed was fast and I didn't notice any differences. The price of this hub is also great. Overall, I'm pretty satisfied with my purchase so far.
highly recommend!!	I think this will work Ok.  Time will tell.
Great!	It's good for mac computer
This is the perfect adapter for any MacBook user.	For a long distance trip needed an HDMI connection to setup the video for in car entertainment system to keep kids busy, worked with excellent quality.
Good item	Excellent way to quickly connect your laptop to all the devices at your workstation.  I leave external monitor, keyboard dongle and external hard drive plugged into this and quickly connect all when I sit down.  Only wish is that my external speakers had a place on here too.
High Quality	Very good product
Great addition to make iPad Pro more useful	The product started working out of the box without any issue. Does all it says in the listing.
Has everything you need	This product works very well. It's nice to have multiple USB ports. I also like the color and style -- it matches my mac laptop. It's also a slim design that is easy to fit into a bag or laptop case.
good but not for connecting laptop to monitor	Great product. Love how compact it is and how easy it will be to travel with.
highly recommend!!	Love this product, works perfectly with my MacBook Pro so I can use my special keyboard and mouse set up for carpal tunnel. I would purchase again.
Cell use	This product is easy to carry, light-weight, and fits my needs perfectly. No more buying countless adapters, this one can replace all of them. Definitely worth the price
Compact & durable	Great for traveling for work !!
Great Addition	Great addition for my new MacBook Pro that doesn’t have any ISB ports!
Would buy again!	Just the right amount of connectivity for my purpose.
?	It's cheap but it works really well
As advertised!	Perfect accessory for my new MacBook Pro- now I can use any device/drive with the laptop. It's small, discreet, and easy to travel with.
Good Quality	Used for my laptop and so perfect
it's convenience to carry around!!!!!	All ports connected to single hub which is very helpful and the product so clean and working with great speed
Great features!	Owning a MacBook (that I love) has also been challenging in terms of attaching other external items like a flash drive or a memory card or an external hard drive or anything. I literally had so many different attachments for all of the different items and that was very annoying and time-consuming. This was the 1 attachment that could sync everything. SO much easier. And perfect to travel with. Done and done!
Works great!	Needed a cable connector for my macbook air. Exactly what I wanted for a reasonable price.
Very well built hub. Perfect for MacAir 2018	While I intended to buy a dongle that could simultaneously charge my android tablet I am not at all displeased with my mistake. This breakout hub works well and allows me to use my tablet like a more advanced chrome book, but it is less that a laptop still.
great addition to my MacBook Pro	This product has the one of the best material I have ever seen. The connectivity has no problem.I greatly recommend this item. The price is definitely worth it.
It does the job!	This product is very good.
Wireless Mouse Freezes	This has worked well with my Dell XPS 13 and has provided additional USB and HDMI ports. Has worked very well and I have not had any issues with it running a dual monitor. The only thing I wish it had was an ethernet port, but I didn't think of that before I ordered so that's more my fault than the product. All in all, works really well and has helped me WFH during the pandemic.
Best	Works well
How does it work?	Working as advertised.  Well worth the money.
Nice product	I love this USB-c , its lightweight, easy to pay. I'm using with my new MacBook Air 2019. I can add memory car, plug my wireless mouse, my alphanumeric keyboard. Perfect for school .
Just what I needed!	We ordered this adapter when my daughter got a MacBook Pro for school and needed to plug in USB devices like her wireless mouse.  This works perfectly and even takes SD cards (a bonus!).  The only reason we did not give it a five star rating is that it seems to slightly slow down the performance of her wireless mouse.  Other than that, it's perfect!
Love it!	I am loving this adaptor, in fact I bought two! It fits very easily into my MacBook  Air and the best thing, it has a card reader! As an amateur photographer this port makes it very easy and fast for me to upload.Thank you,Misla Barco
Useful	This adaptor is very light-weight and has just the necessary number of slots and ports for my use.
All you need in one	This product works as described and is good quality. Would buy again
A++	Did not work with my tablet. Would not connect.  Worked intermittently with my note 20+
Works like a charm!	Well built and the does the job. no complaint!
You now have options from a small device. Been searching for*	I'm glad devices like this are made to fill in what Apple decides to leave off.
Great	Had a problem, but seller remedied
More Than Expected	Product works as described. Good quality. Portable. Has many ports. Use for HDMI and USB 3.0 ports daily. Great transfer speeds. Works for video editing from external drive.
Perfectly functional	This product is exactly what I needed. I haven't experienced any issues or complaints. I needed it because I need to attach multiple USB peripherals to my computer and it works perfectly. It's a little big, but it is as small as it can be and still function which is why it's difficult to carry around.
Very very happy	good value
Best	I like it
5 Star product	Love this product!  Great for anywhere I go!
Excellent hub that does the job	Using it with my 2017 macbook pro, all the ports work fine and I don't have any complaints about the build quality.
Easy to use!	I like that the material is very durable and feels premium all the ports work and I have a dual monitor set up and it handles the other monitor and hard disks super well overall really recommend this product.
It does the job!	very well made works well
Good product	Works as expected, gets a bit warm after a while but no issues especially with HDMI image quality passthrough.
Use With 2019 MacBook Pro and it’s Worth The Money	It's working well for me.
Works perfectly. No loss of connection	Product is working great and easy to manage.  The cord attachment is a bit short so it hangs down from my mac but otherwise functions well.
Connecting the old with the new made easy	Awesome little piece of electronics for my new 2019 Apple MacBook Pro. Now I'll be able to connect to many things that are not yet USB-C ready plus peripherals that no longer come with new laptops! Things like a CD/DVD drive and SD card reader. What Thrills me most is the capability of an HDMI connection to my TV to watch the soaps I missed. lol. Although, I am having trouble with using Safari. The screen is blank so I use Google Chrome to watch instead. The hub is reliable, small and lightweight. It fits easily into an old eyeglass case for protection and travel. Love it. Thanks!
Works perfectly	I ordered this 4 my daughter new computer, it comes very quick and looks good matching her space grey computer. try it on it works!
Great Adapter	The item arrived on time and had all the recommended plug-in slots. I purchase this to work with my outdoor projector. I was able to use this with my Samsung Galaxy phone so I could play movies for the family outside in the summer.
good but not for connecting laptop to monitor	good!
It works with the New 2018 IPad Pro 11”	I was able to plug in an external usb flash drive and it worked well with file transferring. I also used a usb to connect a wireless mouse and it worked as well. The only thing is that, I wish the ones that connects directly to the iPad without the wire are more affordable like this. The wire makes moving my iPad around slightly uncomfortable, but it is not unbearable.
Very easy to use	Great product. Adapter for all my needs.
High Quality for a great price.	This is a great device in general. For 25 dollars, anyone purchasing this item is receiving a high-quality USB C HUB.
Disappointed	This port is slim and of good quality. It works as it's advertised. Though later I switched to USB-C to DP which can give way better operation and less time-lapse, I still decide to keep it in case I need to connect my laptop for non-local presentations. Anyway, if you're looking for a way to connect your laptop to your monitor and your monitor has both the DP and HDMI option, you'd better go to the DP. Otherwise, HDMI is your only option and this is a perfect port for you to use.
Good Product	Solid product, arrived on time, easy to use and no problems using so far.  Great find!
Convenient all-in-one Hub!	Great product that work very well
useful	I consult and travel often to see clients. Needed something to support my Macbook pro and ability to connect to a variety of different presentation rooms (mostly HDMI but also USB). Can now do that with ease thanks to this product. Also super compact and lightweight is an added bonus for traveling!
Small and light enough to easily keep in your bag at all times	Hub offers various ports which makes connecting everything easy. Small and compact, I can take it anywhere with me.
Very portable!	Works great. I can now have multiple devices connected at the same time to my Surface Laptop. Will recommend to others.
Great for adding a second external HDMI monitor and more USB ports to a laptop	This is my fourth or fifth USB-C adaptor. Annoyingly, each adaptor lacked one thing that I needed to be using concurrently, so I thought this would replace them all. However, I was wrong. It doesn't contain an input for the power adaptor, so you can only use this alone if you are needing to charge your computer--not with another USB-C device. So it doesn't serve the purpose I was hoping for. If you don't need this for a charging outlet, it serves a good purpose and is compact. I was impressed with the company's response in issuing me a full refund immediately for the purchase—very unusual and appreciated.
4K HDMI works well	I have this hooked up to my mac mini and it has worked exceptionally well. Very diverse set of inputs and great quality.
Convenient hub	Well made from quality materials with excellent performance. Easy to plug in to your laptop and the HDMI port is well made and allows for quick connecting. I highly recommend this product. If you travel with a laptop you need to buy one of these and put it in your computer bag. I love it...
Allows eternal connection to your usb c computers	Very easy to use, compatibility with iPad Pro (2018) 11" made it worth for me. Quick set up. Material used looks durable and looks a premium product. This hub is affordable and no issues so far.
Great tech item for those who need more connections	Product is great quality. It does not feel cheap and works great.
Supreme Build Quality	I recently bought a Macbook Pro and the only ports it has is 2 USB-C, and a headphone jack. I needed more options for future projects so I ordered this.  Saw the good reviews and liked the price so I decided to order it. Recieved it and tested it out with some sd cards, hdmi, usb, and even my phone and it easily handled everything and now I have alot more options for media with my Macbook. I recommend this!
Works. Seems well built.	This adapter has everything you need in one USB-type C port.
It does the job!	Fits purpose as described
Best	Love the design! Did what I expected!
Material	Great functionality with my MacBook, seems to be made of durable material, and the color even matches perfectly. What more can you ask for?
Awesome!	I use this USB Hub adapter to plug flashdrives and other devices to my iPad.  It works very well and is handy and small enough to be portable with my iPad.
Sleek, Slim & Stylish	Rather good usb type c hub. I bought it mostly for usb 3.0 adapters, but I think I will use other ports.
Great product.	Already used this on several different devices and it works perfectly. Very easy to attach and detach!
Great price in for a quality product	Just what we needed.  Works well!
compact solid attachment	Works perfect tbh
Simple but effective!	I haven’t had this product for very long but I like it so far. It's nice to have one larger attachment vs multiple small ones. The only thing I wish It had is a monitor port but other than that, it has everything you need!
It has all the connections I was looking for	This seemed like a good hub.  The first one I ordered worked flawlessly for 2-1/2 weeks, and then the middle USB port wouldn't charge my iPhone anymore.  I can't work without a hub, so I ordered another one.  It works fine; I'm returning the first one; and I'm keeping my fingers crossed.
Excellent product	I've had the product for over a month and it works exactly as described. Great for travel or desk work.
Excellent hub that does the job	We travel a lot and I am always taking pictures.  This is a great device that at the end of each day we can see all of our pictures on the IPad and select the ones we want to share with our kids.  It is simple to use the Micro SD and SD card slots to transfer pictures and files.  I LOVE it!!  My only recommendation is that it could be easier to use if the wire was not so rigid.
Worked great with my MacBook Air.	Simple, but works well.  I am happy with this
IPad pro bff	This is a great product, it works really well and it is sturdy. Great materials and looks great.
Does what it should	Out of the box, does what it should. Sturdy connection at the usb c port site, and the build of the adaptor feels sturdy. I also like the fact its got the aluminum metal feel to it thats similar to the laptop.
Highly recommended	I personally use this my iPad, mainly to connect my iPad to the tv using the hdmi input, although I originally to transfer pictures to my iPad from my camera, but i later realized that i was able to connect to my camera wireless, so I haven’t tried connecting the sd card feature. So i cant really give it a detailed review but its good and cheap alternative for a c-hub.
This  USB hub is great!	I am  a tech guy and this USB hub is so versatile in its use , either your transferring or storing files from your USB port or a media cards, very convenient having this with you.
Better Than Paying $90 For A Dongle!	I have tried many adapters for last 3 years.  Most of them work very for travel use but ware not stable when I keep using it in my office premonitory although some very expensive one.So far this works very well without any outage for last few weeks.
Great adapter!	I needed the adapter fast. It came right away. Works perfectly.
Great quality great buy	Does everything as advertised, and a good price for the port selection and quality. Would recommend for sure.
Good purchase	Terrific product
Good product	This product works well for most of my items. I did have trouble using the Cricut machine with it.
Good item	This is great for my Macbook which only has USB type C ports. The material feels premium and it is really simple to use. Just plug the device into any USB c port and you suddenly get 3 USB A, SD, Micro SD, and an HDMI port. There is no hassle to getting it to work and I take it with me wherever my laptop goes. No issues so far and I don't see them coming in the future.
Awesome addition for a Mac Mini	All connection's work perfectly on Sumsung Galaxy Note 10+.Tested With:Goal 0: USB DC5V 0.7W LED Light stickWired KeyboardWireless MouseHDMI to Big Screen TVUSB memory StickMini SD Card& SD Card SlotThe Final Test:It does however get a bit little sluggish once you connect all the above all at onceI suspect that my phone's output power was now being  tasked.
Fast Data Transfer	Great adapter that's small enough to travel with. Works well with my monitor and MacBook Air
Great product.	Works well! Used for about 3 months now, haven't had any issue.Compact, 3 USB ports are sufficient for my use.
Functional	This hub helped me out a ton when I started to be able to work from home for work. I work on a Mac but my desktop did not support Macbook's ports. This works well at not only letting me display my laptop on my larger desktop screen, but also has handy USB ports for my mouse and keyboard. The ONLY thing it's missing (and why I gave it one star down from a 5-star review) is that it doesn't simultaneously charge my laptop, meaning I have to use one port for this hub and another for my charger. However, that's the ONLY setback on an otherwise great product and is only a minor inconvenience.
Add Plug and Play Functionality to Your iPad Pro	Device works intermittently on MacBook Pro 2018 with USB mice and Wacom digitizing pad.  Multiple mice and dongles were tried with the same result of a jumping mouse cursor across the screen.  New Logitech mice were not faulty as they worked perfectly with other laptops with USB ports.  Getting warranty support hasn't been simple, required Amazon customer support for almost an hour to get return contact info, and will update this review once things are resolved.  The style is great, but it doesn't work.  I really want to give this device praise if it works as advertised.  In short, this purchase failed in light of other 5 star reviews of this product.+++Update, A Miracle made things right by sending out a replacement. (as they responded below). Thanks A-Miracle.
Good quality for the price	Works well, great adaptability to MacBooks, and the HDMI slot located perfectly for functionality!
Worth every penny!	Great Quality, purchased to have all of my devices on one side, no more wires wrapped around my laptop. No problems, just plug it in and done.
Quality product	I've used a few USB-C adapters for my MacBook and this one has been the only one that I haven't found something that I disliked on it. It is built well, it doesn't feel cheap, and it has worked flawlessly without losing connection with any accessories. I've had it for about 3 months now and it is still working well.
Great tech item for those who need more connections	item shipped quickly and works great. is small which was key for my interest. not bulky as an attachment !
Great Quality	This is a great product. Very handy and works with my Surface Pro.
Just About Perfect	Love this very much - it's tiny and does the job. But the one thing is that when it's plugged into my laptop, my laptop audio won't play - it's like it mutes the speakers on my laptop. Very annoying. Solve it by adding a bluetooth speaker nearby but still somewhat annoying. If anyone knows how to solve this, please let me know.
Works perfectly	I have been using this usb c hub with my MacBook for a long time now and I'm really proud of the durability and overall experience.
Very easy to use	With multiple ports and a sleek design, this usb port is very good.
It does the job!	Works great!
Fit perfectly into my MacPro	It worked right as soon I plugged it in! love it
Very well constructed and dependable.	Great item to have for the latest MacBook Pro which I use. Keep in mind this product is not strong enough to support or run the external CD adapter.
Plug and play! No issues!	Great product, no issues so far. Nice solid metal construction.
Reliable and effective	Its a good product
Very Great	Well designed,beautifully packaged,andquality materials.
Great Product	Sleek, matching space gray color, and has more ports than most other competitors for cheaper. Super happy with it! The only thing I have to say with it is if I plug in every port and use usb splitters on top of it... it can sometimes cut off at times... but to be fair I'm still able to connect an sd card, hard drive, and LED gaming keyboard and mouse through one port.
Wont work with only Samsung note 9	I have used this twice with my 2018 12.9 inch iPad Pro running iOS13. It works great for transferring things from my external hard drive to my iPad files. I also use it to transfer RAW files from my camera to my iPad via SD card to edit-in Lightroom. I honestly thought this was going to be something that failed right out the box, but I was pleasantly surprised to find that this product came with a robust metal housing and a stout cable. I wish though, that the cable was detachable and longer. Other than that, this really is quite a great buy for the money!
Great expansion options for your USB C device	This is a well built product that does exactly what it is supposed to. I would easily recommend this item or purchase again for a future device. Much more affordable than what Apple offers at twice the performance.
Excellent Multi-@ort Adapter for All My Electronics While I Travel	Great USB port that is plug and play. The slim profile makes it very portable and the material feels very durable. Great buy for a good price.
Great purchase	Love the portability. Item works great, plus leaves port available for charging Mac
Does exactly what it is supposed to do	This is a really good hub that met most of my needs, save one. Heat dissipation was excellent and all ports worked as expected.I'm returning mine, but the reason for that is on me, not the seller. I didn't read closely enough and the hub didn't meet my requirement of having a Thunderbolt PD port on the hub. I wanted this for home use so that I could keep all my peripherals (including power) plugged in with only 1 port to connect when I re-docked my laptop. If that isn't a requirement for you, this is an excellent device.
Adds needed functionality for the MacBook pro	It is a nice all-in-one adapter for USB-C laptops, tablets, and phones. I tested it with my 2019 MacBook Pro. All the functions that I tested worked exactly as expected. It seems to be built with quality and it is very affordable compared to those products that have the same functionality but double the price.So far I'm very satisfied with this product.
Buenísimo producto	I am super happy with this USB C Hub.  I'd highly recommend.
Very convenient to coral everything in one place	So far so good this is exactly what I wanted for my MacBook Pro.  It’s a lot smaller than what I was using before which makes it a lot more compactible and easy to travel with. The SD card is recognize every time I put it in versus other ones that take two or three attempts for it to recognize
Great product	It works well.
Great tech item for those who need more connections	It’s loose and disconnects every five minutes. Not a recommendation and the refund is not issued till now.
Great	Really good product!! Works well with my laptop!
More Than Expected	This is a generic product made in China so I would not recommend buying it. There is always a chance it has spy tech installed in it. Buy something that has a name brand!
It works	Does exactly what I needed and also came in handy when my daughter needed the type c connector to charge her IMAC.
Great product.	Very beautiful design, works perfectly and the material of good quality. Perfectly matches the finish of my iPad Pro.
Looks good	Cool
Great product.	This item is lightweight, easy to use, and functional! The extra ports many it easy for all of my photography needs.
it just works great	Good, product and has worked well so far (have had for a couple of months now). I ordered a similar product from another company that literally fell apart on the first use. I'm using it on my surface tablet and so far all connections work well and I get fast transfers of files.
All you need in one	Great product, well made and exactly as pictured. I am very happy with my purchase.
good but not for connecting laptop to monitor	Has everything you need on the new Mac that is no longer there. Great product!
Super handy to have around!	I love this connector it allows me to use all my small connection devices in one place. I have a new Dell XPS 15 computer with a Thunderbolt connection  and this plugs in and allows all the other device connection .
Good Product!	The adapter has been great with of the ports it has and one of the most reasonably priced ones out their. Just finished my first semester of college and it works great still.
Very Useful Device	I purchased this as a travel/work companion. Product offers plenty of USB options as well as other niceties that I don't necessarily need (SD Card insert, which is a cool feature). My job requires me to work at different computer stations. I am constantly plugging and unplugging during the work week. I have had this since October 2019, there is nothing breaking down on the plug inserts and have had no issues with the devices I plug in (headphones, monitors, etc). Looks and feels solid, everything about this plug screams quality. Recommended this product to others at my job and would to the person reading this review as well. Would be hard pressed to pick another product over this one.
Add Plug and Play Functionality to Your iPad Pro	Be aware that if you are a streamer and plan on using this with any Elgato device, you will be wasting your time. I spent many hours practically pulling my hair out and wondering why my devices kept saying that there wasn't a signal in OBS Studio. It finally occurred to me that it was this device.It works great for connecting other things though, so for that it gets four stars. One star docked for me having to buy a second adapter (the dodocool USB C Hub Adapter for MacBook Air 2019/2018,MacBook Pro 2019/2018/2017/2016 with 4K HDMI,Thunderbolt 3 Port,100W PD,SD/TF Card Reader,3 USB 3) that actually works flawlessly for my needs.
Convenient	Works as advertised and looks nice.
Great Value	honestly love this thing. had to buy a few versions of these adapters over the years, and this one is by far the best. even matches my laptop color. good for the price too.
Good Product	This is working really well so far! Love it so far.
High Quality	The product is portable and it works great. Great product!
Small, practical, and convenient	This product and those like it are essential for computers that have skimped on having a USB or HDMI port (Apple, please note this!).  So far it has worked very well.
Exactly what I needed for my Mac	I purchased this to transfer photos from an SD card to my phone quickly.  This is perfect - transferred in very little time, and easy to take along with me.  Highly recommend!
Great addition to my Chromebook.	I bought this adapter for its multipurpose use. I've only had it for a day but so far it has worked well. I used it with my late 2016 MacBook Pro to transfer photos from my iPad mini first generation. The adapter did not overheat, is lightweight and easily transferred the photos.
Perfect to travel with	It functions
Great quality and value.	Works seamlessly with my MacBook Pro
Inexpensive effective	I'm using the item to connect my Macbook Pro to my monitor, and to connect USB drives to my Macbook. Does the job just fine for either use case, no problems or headaches so far. Would recommend.
Does a good job	This is an excellent, metal USB-C hub and exactly what I was expecting.  My only problems were that some of my devices don't support the video output, which has nothing to do with this product.
GREAT FOR TRAVEL	The new MacBook Pro is light on ports, this enables you to connect older USB devices and an external monitor with HDMI all using a single USB-C port.
The multiport adaptor works	Really like this hub as it’s very sturdy, and small to travel with. Yet with all the different ports, is very convenient. Will recommend this to my friends who multitask with different devices.
Highly recommended	It's everything I needed and for a better price than I expected. It works perfect and looks great in person; it matches my space gray MacBook Pro perfectly. I've ran into no problems with it at all. I spent a long time comparing different adapters like this with other ones that cost a lot more, and I think this is the best one for your money.
A simple way to turn a laptop into a full desktop setup	Received this yesterday.  It was smaller than I expected but that's a good thing. Has heavy duty feel to it.  Used it today connect 2 phones together to transfer files from my old Moto phone to my new Samsung phone.  Worked perfectly after I figured out where to go on my old phone to change the USB settings to File Transfer!
Just as described; better than expected	This product goes great for my laptop. With this hub, I can use it to connect all my devices to it, especially since it does not contain any USB-C ports. It is also great taking it to and from my school.
Awesome addition for a Mac Mini	It does work but you have to plug things in a certain order for the 4K video to work, otherwise it does not do full 4K.  You have to plug it into the computer before you plug in the HDMI to the TV.  Also I have a apple DVD drive that I cannot use with this dongle.  It does not provide enough power to it through the USB 3.0 port.  It don't understand why it shouldn't.  So I try not to unplug the dongle much.  The last thing I wish it did is output the 4K at 60Hz it only does 30Hz but the picture is still good.The customer support was very good.  They just need to fix this minor annoyance and it will be okay.
It really has all the ports	It fits my needs. Enough said.
Works as advertised with a much cooler temperature	I paid three times as much a couple of years ago for a product like this. I travel with it and it works but it heats up so much it is uncomfortable to touch. This product stays much cooler.
How does it work?	This USB C HUB has been a godsend! Being able to plug multiple devices into the same station has made life much simpler! I know where they all are now!
Wireless Mouse Freezes	Lots of intermittent issues such as devices connecting/disconnecting. Don't buy. It didn't fail until after return window closed.
Micro as direct to ipad	The item is used in our home and allows us the ability to use all external devices/accessories at the same time without the need for inconvenient swapping of cables.  Great purchase!
Great purchase	Very helpful for many purposes for my new Mac laptop. External mouse (not Bluetooth, but USB0, photo card, etc.
Small and light enough to easily keep in your bag at all times	amazing product which helps me in my daily work
Plug and play! No issues!	Worked well. No issues!
High Quality, Compact Package	I like this  and good compliment works with my tablet samsung tab A 2019
Awesome, works great!	Fits snugly into the USB C port on my Mac. So far no issues with using USB flash drives. I like that there is an SD card slot as I have photos and videos that I will need to transfer from an SD card. I like this better than the adapters that takes up both USB C thunder ports on my Mac, because I didn’t think to get the Mac with 4 :/.I appreciate that it’s portable (slim) and comes with a microfiber bag. The only thing I wish it had was a USB C charging port, but since it only uses one port instead of 2, I have another one free to charge my computer.
It really has all the ports	Works fine. What I needed
Does exactly what it is supposed to do	Thought I would be able to use this device plugged directly in into the usb c on my phone (note 9 as its specifically listed as a supported device) to transfer files to usb or SD card directly like I had done with usb to otg connectors in the past but this device will not work without an external power source rendering it useless for half the tasks I needed it for. I suspect it will work great to extend usb ports on my desktop but it's definitely more useful if you have a port limiting laptop. Build quality is solid. Cable is very short. About 6 inches or less
Great all inclusive Multiport Adapter	I love how it has so many USB ports but also has others, and it's portability is awesome.
High Quality for a great price.	High quality item that has all the features needed without a $75+ price tag. Very happy with the product.
Finally a USBc hub that works with the iPad Pro.	I mostly needed to be able to read the cards from my dashcam. Tied a few but none of them worked until I got this. Popped a memory card in it and it showed right up on my iPad. Its extra ports are a bonus.
Very compact	Having this adapter with me at all times while I am on campus helps tremendously with how compact and useful it is. It works and is very convenient to carry around classes.
Works as expected	This product has a similar feel to the aluminum that apple uses on their products.. very nice.Overall I’m pretty satisfied with the product for the price it is offered at.The only complaint I have is that is you cannot use the hub and charge whatever device you have plugged in at the same time (I use with the iPad Pro 2nd generation so only 1 usb c on the device) but other than that, I would say its a pretty solid product and gets the job done!
Thumbs Up!	My first time ordering this product because I got a MacBook Air. I had to get one. It arrived in time and without any damage. So far I've been using it for USB ports and it has worked without any problem. I like how it comes with other slots? too. Probably over the break, I will use the HDMI slot to watch movies on a big screen. I recommend it!
Great price in for a quality product	Muy buen producto, cantidad de conexiones para mi laptop con puerto tipo C
easy to use	I absolutely love how compact it is, it is perfect for what I needed it for. Highly recommend!
Overall good buy	Small
Perfect for ipad also	I have a Mac, which of course doesn’t have the normal USB ports with are essential for connecting just about anything. This product works perfectly and even fits my sd cards. It was a good investment.
Exactly what I was looking for!	I love this product!  It is a must have for new MacBook Air computers which only come with 2 thunderbolt ports.  It works great with USB devices, SD memory cards, micro SD memory cards, etc.  Very pleased.  Easy to transport and to use.  Loads devices quickly.  Great price and seller!  Highly recommend.  Would buy again if I needed another one.
You now have options from a small device. Been searching for*	I purchased this product to be able to hook up my camera to my computer and I am not disappointed! It was a great purchase and so useful with its multiple ports. I couldn't have asked for a better piece of equipment for my computer. 10/10 would purchase again if I ever lose this one!
Inexpensive effective	This item is very useful. Shipping was fast
Plug and play! No issues!	I love this product. It’s very durable and helps a lot with my photo editing.
Amazing Product!	The range of ports on this device makes it very convenient to be able to connect the devices I commonly use. It was smaller than I expected (which is a good thing!) and the color matches my space gray macbook. Unfortunately, I wasn't able to transfer picture from my Android to macbook like I was planning to do.  I'm pretty sure this is because of compatibility issues between Apple and Android and not because of the port.  I am still keeping this device because of its many other uses!
Great sleek and sturdy semi-compact product.  * 4.5/5 *	I like this product due to its light weight. I have no problems carrying it with my other small items in my backpack all the time. I used it a lot to attach with both usb drives and SD cards without any issues. Both are running well at the same time. I also linked usb disk to do backup and it is functional well. Another Advance is that I am able to link my computer to TV or screen through it. I have good experiences using it so far and will update the review if I have other new experiences.
product was ok	it doesn’t charge items well
Works perfectly	I was looking for a compact USB-C Hub / Adapter for my personal laptop.  My main criteria were portability, a few USB ports, and a connection to a monitor via an HDMI port.  This device satisfies all my needs, and adds a couple of readers (mini and micro for SD cards) on that of that.  Overall this device meets my needs at a price point that I can afford.
Satisfied with product	It’s super convenient to use. good quality with reasonable price.
Cell use	Works flawlessly on both my Mac and windows laptops!  Great for traveling.
Solidly built - works well	Good Device!
Exactly what I needed all-in-one	Received this today. Was fast shipping and looks nice will test and Wright another review.
Perfect Multiport for Mac Users	I have a 2018 macbook air that doesn't have the USB ports on it so this adapter was a lifesaver. I can have more than one thing plugged into it and still charge my laptop. I also love this adapter cause I have a kind of older camera and when I want to get videos or pictures off of the memory card I can simply just plug my memory card into the adapter since my laptop doesn't have software I can download for an easy plug in and download. in the end this is a great 25 well spent. I highly recommend.
Great sleek and sturdy semi-compact product.  * 4.5/5 *	HDMI still works, but USB doesn't work anymore and are only good for power.  Card slots, don't work either....well I guess if you're looking for a HDMI adapter it's good.
Great unit for excellent connectivity	This arrived today and I've been using it through the day. It feels solidly made- some other adapters I've used in the past feel like cheap plastic that could break any time, but this feels like a good, durable item with a little weight to it.The name is a little misleading, because it's really a 6-in-1 adapter. Assuming you use this like most will (with the USB-C cable plugged into your device) you get three USB 3 ports, an HDMI adapter and 2 card readers. I'm currently only using this for the USB ports and the HDMI port, which is 99% of the reason I bought this. So far, it's working perfectly for my usage scenario
Good product	This has helped us tremendously at work.  We rent space to outside organizations for meetings, etc. and this tool has saved us from some rather dire circumstances.  Great Buy!
Works Great	Really like this product.  Easy to use and great for travel.  Bought a second one.  Hard to beat for the price.
Delightfully small, elegantly powerful but....	Likes.....great quality, sturdy and firm seat of devices into hub.  The speeds of transferring data and media was very fast.  I used the hub to stream a live event through the HDMI port and was very pleased at the compatibility  to the TV.  The number and variety of ports are great, although , my only marginal dislike, is I would have preferred to substitute one of the  3 USB 3.0 ports for a Type-C input.  Other than that only stellar opinions on this well priced Type-C Hub device.  The newer version did not include the HDMI port which I greatly desired to have in one hub.  Excellent job FlePow!
It works fine for the money	Works great! Easy to convert videos from my dash cam
Awesome!	This hub is very functional.  Multitude of ports. I'm using this mostly for personal would be great for business also  It is very lightweight and compact..
Great product	Solid firm case and cable. Good fit for travel. Exact choice of functions for travel.
Nice product	Works very well with my Dell XPS and I use it all the time. Highly recommend to anyone looking for a way to attach an HDMI cord to USB to their Dell XPS.
Great USB C Hub	Liked the fact that I could finally access standard memory sticks and more including an external monitor.
Works GREAT!	Havent had any issues with the product, works as advertised. All the ports work and most importantly to me, the HDMI works as it should.  Sleek and portable
It works with the New 2018 IPad Pro 11”	I bought this product as a way to connect my Apple magic keyboard and a mouse to my new MacBook. It's successfully connected my keyboard, but something about this product's transfer rate makes it so that my mouse is super choppy and doesn't work when plugged in to this adapter. I guess I'll have to break and buy the expensive Apple connector instead, because at least I know that one will work
Use With 2019 MacBook Pro and it’s Worth The Money	This product came in handy being that my laptop charger is different and I also don’t have any USB ports so this purchase was beneficial for me. I like to take my laptop with me this product is easy to travel with and it’s fits anywhere where I put it. Very satisfied!
Great Quality	I like the hub because I can hook up my external screen, keyboard, mouse and disconnect it right from the computer.  It act like a docking station.
Perfect for MacBook pro multitasking	Perfect for MacBook pro multitasking
Exactly what I needed	For external screen and multiple usb port usage
Great addition to IPad Pro	I have exact same Logitech receiver plugged in as the first review. It works for first few seconds and then no response. I will try to return it. I wonder how come there are that many 5 star reviews.
It just works.	I recently ordered a MacBook Pro for college since I am going for Graphic Design. I quickly realized that I would need multiple ports/adaptors to handle all my projects. This works perfectly! It has everything I need in a small, portable hub!
?	That we have to use it
So worth it!!!	small and lightweight, allowing ease of use and versatility.
Great adapter!	This adapter works as expected. Highly recommend!
Exactly what you want	Nice
Great product	portable and very easy to use. Not too big
Small Portable USB Adapter	It is much smaller than what I thought, it is super convenient for traveling. It also includes card reader which is very useful for me, enough ports with such a small body! Great purchase!
great quality	Works great with my MacBook! Pleased with purchase.
Many IO options	I like every part of this purchase. It's compact and also the material fits well with my MacBook.Data transfer speed is higher than I expected. Hope you all enjoy this item.
Metal body, good value	works great!!
Great quality and value.	The product promotes capability and easy access; which is the importance of adapters anyway. Love the LED light that indicates the connection!
Good	Works great! I really do enjoy the product.
Great!	Simple to use
Best bang for your buck!	This hub delivers all the necessary ports needed to hook up any cables. I've had it for about 3 months now and have not run into any problems. It's small and portable enough to store in my backpack and keep on my desk while studying. Highly recommend for the price!
Great USB-C Multi-Port Adapter for Mac	This is a fantastic USB C hub. Macbook Pros lack so many ports on their new models, and the adapters apple suggest you use are so expensive after you've already paid the premium for owning one of their computers. This affordable, well built, and functional USB C Hub is light weight, and durable. I would recommend this to anyone needing more ports for their computer needs!
Does the job	Considering that systems have limited ports, this USB HUB is the perfect solution to my multi-tasking needs. Priced right, lightweight, conveniently portable and durable.
Good for travel	I sell computers for a living, and in my store, we sell equivalent items to this for 60+ dollars. This device functions exactly the same as those, at a fraction of the cost. It operates quickly and efficiently, allows simple operation of SD cards and USB devices, and allowed HDMI connections. I'm very pleased and would whole-heartedly suggest it.
Very useful product reasonably priced	Perfect adapting piece for my Google Chromebook and easily portable.
Small and light enough to easily keep in your bag at all times	This product is lightweight and working without any problem.
Micro as direct to ipad	Great for video editing. Handles the usb of an external hard drive. Premiere runs smoothly and without issues. Its a great little portable adapter and the color goes perfectly with my Macbook Pro !
Well designed!	Great value product. Not made cheaply and functions well.
Awesome product	The hub is really awesome! The only problem is that I ended up giving it away and had to buy another one! Sturdy quality.
Multiport Multimedia	I liked everything about it, maybe an ethernet port for the same price tag would be even better but great pdt
It works fine for the money	Works as described, all ports work on my MacBook. Use it for Djing and now I can connect to all of my hardware thanks to this hub!
One stop shop	This was the answer to connecting to everything I needed to. I work for various clients in their offices and connections are sometimes a problem. This solved it. And it's super light and compact. Can't go wrong for the money!
As described - very useful	Works perfectly with Macbook Pro
Chromebook	I like the fact that the product works and there are no problems with it. I was surprised at how nice it looks and it feels like it is made from expensive material. For the price, this is a great purchase.
High quality hub	Perfect size, sleek design and right combination of ports for my needs.  Works great!
Great addition to my Chromebook.	I recently purchased a new Chromebook. It is very limited in terms of ports, 2 USB C ports and one USB 3.0 plus a slot for a micro-card. With this adapter I can connect via HDMI to my TV, download pictures from my SLR memory card, and connect other USB items to the Chromebook. Best addition to my Chromebook.
Works great.	This was exactly what we needed. The new MacBookPro only has two ports, and we need a whole bunch more than that when the computer is at home. This was the perfect solution. We have not tried the SD slots yet, but everything is working perfectly.
Compact but offers a lot!	It comes in a nice sleek design and color that goes well with space gray laptops. It doesn't look bulky or big but still has a lot of ports. I've been using it so far with no difficulties, and it works well.
It works fine for the money	Purchased on Sep 1st, 2019.  Compact size.  It functions as described,  no issue so far.
Love it	It works as intended. No surprises
Works as described	Quality & works well. Wish it had a spot for another lightning charge port.
This  USB hub is great!	Works great with my new Mac book pro.
Just About Perfect	Nothing to dislike about this product. Been looking for a compact and useful adapter for awhile and I always end up buying multiple ones due to not working properly or compatibility but this one is all I need for me to be able to connect all my gadgets in one time. So far it’s the best purchase I did.  Thanks for this! Cheers!  - by the way I’m a customer all the way from the Philippines 💕
Great product!	This was a great product to hook up to the monitor that I purchased so I could expand my laptop screen for an optimum work experience! I didn’t give a good review about portability because I do not use it for that purpose. Otherwise, it was a great purchase for my money!
A great hub	I bought this for my Chromebook since my Chromebook only has a single USB Type-A port and a Type-C port. The type-A port is taken up by a wireless mouse so when I need to plug in an external hard drive now I can use this USB Type-C hub. I picked this hub since it doesn't just provide USB type-A ports, it also has SD card slot which I can use to download pictures from my DSLR's memory card, in addition, it also has an HDMI port which I can use to connect to an external display. These features work great, and the build quality is also good, the body is made of metal and the hub feels sturdy . I'm happy with my purchase.
Great Value	this was the perfect addition for me.
Great functioning USB Hub	I used it for a chrome book while working remotely from home it served the purpose
Great Stocking Stuffer!! Must Have Gadget for Mac with USB-C port!!	Overall I'm quite happy with this USB C Hub adapter with multiple ports. With just one of my USB C ports on my MacBook Pro, I'm able to plug in three regular USB devices (my external webcam, my wireless keyboard/mouse, and my external hard drive for backups) AS WELL AS my HDMI monitor. And there are even ports for an SD or TF card reading as well.My only hangup is that I'm noticing that at times the port on the hub that my external hard drive is plugged into shuts itself off occasionally, so then I get an error on my computer that I unplugged my hard drive without safely stopping its use first. This is an issue, and I'm wondering if the hub can only handle smaller-load devices that don't require the same level of energy output as this hard drive does.
It just works.	I loved working perfectly great value.
Works Well	I was so excited to discover that I could get an adapter so I could hook up my ethernet via USB to my iPad Pro!  This little gadget is AMAZING!  Plugged it in and BAM...I had internet!  THANK YOU!!!!!
FlePow USB 3.1 Type C Docking Portable, light weight and great price	I am frustrated with Apple making the Mac Air with just two "C" cable connections.  When I first purchased my latest  Mac Air I also purchased one single dongle, because the multi ones were very high in price.  Then here comes this affordable multipart adaptor.  A life saver and it is always in my tech bag when I travel.  Much appreciated.
Connecting the old with the new made easy	The USB C Hub Multiport Adapter came in well packaged and ready for use.  This adapter is small with a foot print not much larger than a USB stick I use on it,  the USB connections, SD card and HDMI connection make a nice portable docking station for my laptop.  I was impressed by the quality of the construction and the robustness of the all aluminum housing.  This little device will be a mainstay in my backpack!!
How does it work?	It is so small but powerful.  Highly recommend.
Very high quality!	I recently bought this item mostly because it was the cheapest on the market. Usually an item that is cheap never ends up being of high quality, this is where this item stands out. The quality was great, and it worked as it should have. I'm a college student and it is very easy for me to carry this around day in and day out for when I'm in need of some extra usb ports or even another hdmi port so that I can use a double monitor setup. Overall, this is a great product and I would highly recommend to someone who has a laptop with which doesn't have many usb ports, or an hdmi port.
Has everything you need	Exactly what I was looking for. The color matched exactly to my 12 inch space gray MacBook. I bought another one from another seller and the color was off.
Best bang for your buck!	Small very good quality product
Works as advertised	First time I used the USB C Hub I down loaded pictures from my photo card to my laptop. It works great.
High Quality and Useful Product	This product is of very high quality and allows users to expand the versatility of their wired connections.
Good Product!	Got this for my daughter to take to college with her new MacBook, she loves all the inputs, works great. Her roommate ended up getting one as well after seeing my daughter’s.
Very Useful Device	While it says 7 in 1 adapter, it is important to note that it only has 6 ports. 3 USB ports which are indeed great, an SD/TF reading port, and 1 HDMI that supports 4K output. I thought there would be a 7th port, but I think they counted the USB-C connecter as the 7th. Overall experience, it matches my Space Grey MacBook perfectly, the quality of the material feels premium and not loose or flimsy, and it has a little light near the HDMI to let you know that it is connected and running once you attach it to your computer. For a 6 port adaptor, it is worth the $20 compared to other products that are selling the same amount of ports and even 1 less for $25 or more.
High Quality for a great price.	Ever since I bought this product, I have always continually loved it. I have never had a single problem with using it.
Great USB-C Hub	I needed a way to easily connect memory cards and my laser printer to my MacBook.  This item was recommended by my friend and it's exactly what I needed.  It's compact, portable and easily connects devices.
A great hub	I wasn’t really sure if this USB-C Hub was going to work for my needs or how big it would be. I purchased a Microsoft Surface Pro X and most of the reviews were for apple products. I was surprised when it finally arrived to see how small and light it was. It works perfectly for my needs as well. With the ability to connect my cameras SD card and an HDMI for presentations, I’m all set. I highly recommend this hub.
Very handy!	My wife has no complaints about this device she loves it for her 2019 samsung notebook pro it's a great buy.
Highly recommend	pretty good. working great. Thanks
Working great	I like it.- Build Quality- HDMI Port- Size / Portability
Very Satisfied	This is a good accessory for my Macbook Pro 2019 13 inch.
En tiempo	I use it regularly.  Lightwieght amd durable.
Connecting the old with the new made easy	This product was more affordable than other brands' multiport adapters. It works very well - I used it mostly for my hard drive & SD card. And I didn't know that this wasn't made for using mouse, so when I used it for my mouse the delay in response was really bad. (I thought it was the mouse that was the problem but turned out to be this adapter) However, later I read in the description that this isn't the best product for using mouse so I ended up getting apple USB C-USB adapter so all is well. Overall, I would recommend this product unless you want to use your mouse with this.
Many IO options	Really good quality for the price, the 7 in 1 USB C Hub is really helpful for my 2019 macbook which has no USB A ports, only USB C so this product was a must. I've had it for about 4 months now and haven't had any issues with connectivity.
Great product!	I cannot use the HDMI port and USB port at the same time.  otherwise great!
Compact & durable	nice product
?	love it
Good for Surface Go	Such a good deal for the selection of ports and sleek design.
Must have for your Macbook!	Because the new MacBook Pro does not have traditional USB a ports, I needed a sturdy and quality dongle for my laptop wherever I go. Most of the other dongles were way too expensive and had poor reviews. This one is the best bang for buck dongle on Amazon and I would highly recommend this to anyone who is in the market for a good dongle.
Great addition to IPad Pro	I recently got a new laptop and do a lot of work using a lot of external hardrives and plug-ins. I love that it has a card reader and mini card reader as well as the 3 usb slots. It doesn't feel like its going to break and seems pretty sturdy. It's also small which is good for travel.
This  USB hub is great!	This USB C Hub is perfect. Small and portable which you can easily just keep the usb's dongles plugged in while traveling. The hub is especially perfect for a Lenovo Thinkpad because they only have 2 regular usbs and 2 usb C's. With this Adapter you have as much ports you need!
Does a good job	While it does work 99% of the time, the hdmi output cuts out. Un plugging and replugging it works to fix it. Just a little annoying sometimes.
Perfectly functional	This Product is amazing and works great with my apple device. Great value.
A must-have adapter for Macbook	I use this hub to make various connections to my 16" MBP. So far I'm using the power port, the HDMI port for a monitor, the USB port for a USB hub with many device connections, and one of the USB-C ports with an ethernet adapter for my network. All have been working fine.
Great quality great buy	Does exactly what it claims. Well made. Caveat - not intended to hook up devices that require external power.
Good Adapter	This adapter works flawlessly for accessories and storage devices for my iPad that only has a USB-C. I would definitely recommend this product.
Excellent Multi-@ort Adapter for All My Electronics While I Travel	Compact and convenient. My new MacBook only had USB-C ports and this dock allowed me to connect my old wireless mouse and plug in my external hard drive and SD card from my camera to easily transfer pictures. Highly recommended!
Very compact and useful.	Didn’t work on a 2019 MacBook Pro. Amazon took back without hassle.
High Quality, Compact Package	Great quality compact adapter for everything needed. Really glad I chose this one out of all the options
Happy	Light. Easy to plug in. Only thing ive found is that streaming sites likes Netflix and Hulu doesn't not play on the second screen when hooked up by HDMI. Everything else, works great.
All you need in one	This USB hub was very much what I needed for my MacBook
It works fine for the money	I liked this product. It has all the ports that I mostly used. The Color  perfectly matches with my MacBook Pro. No issues so far.
Works great and easy to use	Delivery was fast, and the item is as described.  It Works perfectly for my dell xps13 laptop.  I have been using it for several months now and have zero problem.  I am extremely happy with my purchase.
Works great.	The color matches my space grey mac pro and works well. The HDMI port is limited to 4k@30hz, which is fine for simple presentations.The usb 3.0 ports are true 3.0 speed, and do not use the slower usb 2.0 pins.
Works preety good	Works pretty good and has been of great use to connect usb and hard disk. Material seems good.Overall, happy with the purchase.
Very handy!	I had bought another brand and it was flimsy and the connections were not solid. This one is much better - better construction, fit, and finish, and all USB, SD card, and HDMI connections are solid and reliable. Recommended.
Good item	This hub does everything it's supposed to, also offering exceptional build quality and a nice design as well. The cable and all the connectors are very solid, it definitely feels like it's built to last. If you do not need the HDMI function there are definitely cheaper options, but this one is nice because it allows you to both connect to and HDMI display and use up to 3 USB 3.0 devices.
Love it	Received on time, attached to chromebook and worked flawlessly.  Highly recommend if you need a lightweight, portable, USB extension.
Solid Adapter	Perfect device for all my needs! It’s been a little over a week and works as described.
Very Useful	This is a great addition for anyone's computer.  It provides all the extra ports you may need and is very lightweight and slim.  Our new laptops only came with USB-C, HDMI, and USBs -> needed this handy device for memory cards and additional USB ports.  Use it every day at work - very satisfied.
Finally a USBc hub that works with the iPad Pro.	I had everything connected correctly but it was not sending power to the attached device
Easy to use!!!	I was a little scared about this product. Dont wanna be purchasing it and not work. To my surprise is very cool item to purchase and cheap. Stop spending so much for apple brand when this accessori works the same love it!
Great product	This is a very handy little adapter. Super lightweight and portable. Perfect for photographers with the SD card slots. Love it!
IPad pro bff	I really recommend this adapter it’s super convenient. Great Quality. It does it’s job.
It has all the connections I was looking for	This product was exactly what I was looking for! The only thing I disliked about the new Macbook model was that it did not have USB-A ports and instead only had USB-C ports. I was therefore worried about being unable to plug my typical USBs such as my iPhone chargers into my new laptop and knew that I needed a converter. This USB-C hub was perfect as it comes with 3 USB ports and even an HDMI port and SD card readers! It allows me to connect multiple accessories at once with ease. It is also extremely compact and easy to carry around in my backpack in case I need it. The hub is great quality and appears to be well-made. I would definitely recommend this to anybody looking for a converter or hub!
High speed, powered by usb port, and works FINE with 500GB ssd's!	I received a new MacBook Air from my employer, and because it only has 2 USB-C ports, I needed a hub to connect my keyboard, monitor & other devices. This one seemed to have a lot of good reviews and a very fair price, so I thought it worth a try. I'm glad I did! It's made extremely well and is much smaller than I expected, yet provides all the connections I need. It's good for home use, but I'll definitely travel with this when I'm able to do so again. I highly recommend this product. Good price and fast shipping too!
Quality product	Really enjoy this product for its size and utility. Although it's small, it contains ports for everything I have ever had to use. I also like that it has three USB ports for when I want to charge multiple items. This product also doesn't overheat for me, which is an issue that is common among other multiport adapters. Overall, really recommend getting this dongle!
Great Stocking Stuffer!! Must Have Gadget for Mac with USB-C port!!	In its item description, it mentions 7 in 1 hub, but it actually is a 6 in 1 hub.This hub has 3 x USB3.0, 2 x SD card, and a HDMI slot. That's 6 ports. all into ONE USB-C. Thus, 6 in 1. If you want to connect USB-C charge cable to this hub, you can't do that. It means you will need at least two USB-C ports on your computer if you want to use this hub and charge your device at the same time.Item description is miss leading. I just got this item, so I will update my review when I actually use it for a while.
Great	This is one of the best purchases I've made on Amazon. It connects to my Mac without a problem and has made my WFH experience better!
Works just as described and has a nice weight to it - real metal	Perfect gadget to keep all my devices in sync. Technology now seems to be adapting the type C connection which is perfect my needs. The cables are sturdy flexible plastic bandage connection seems very fast. I will definitely recommend.
Solid Build Fair Price	This was perfect and exactly what I needed to connect a large monitor to my laptop, plus with all the other connectors on this adapter, it is perfect for all my projects. The size is perfect and takes almost no space in my laptop bag or on my desk. I will be ordering more for my co-workers, who are always asking to borrow mine.
Works great and we use it daily it’s been a great thing to have.	Love this adapter and the value I get for the price. 10/10 recommend!!
Good	This USB device fits into my bag without taking up too much space.  It functions as designed and allows me to expand the USB/HDMI capabilities of my laptop.  1 USB to 4 and 1 HDMI to 2 HDMI.  Great value for the money!
easy to use	the product worked very well and as expected. highly recommend it.
Perfect product	Works great. Everything is as described. Seems to be well built.
Fit perfectly into my MacPro	Compact and stylish. Works well!!!
Great product.	This product works very well. I have only used the usb ports so far and it works great! Super light & easily stored.
Connecting the old with the new made easy	I've had this adapter for two days and I am already sick of it. The product is currently being used my macbook pro to display my screen on a monitor. The only part I've seen that works very well is the hdmi port. I've tried connecting my iPhone through the usb, and it was very finicky. My phone repeatedly asks if i can trust this computer when it starts and stops charging sporadically, so the phone is basically unusable when plugged in. My wireless mouse is slow, jumpy, and often times doesn't even register the cursor moving when plugged into this adapter. I know for a fact that the issue is from the adapter and not my computer or mouse because my separate usb adapter works great and gives instant response time. When I bought this, I was looking for a device hub that could be used instead of my other adapter, giving it more functionality, but now, I have to use BOTH TOGETHER. This is pointless!!!! I can't even charge my macbook since I need both the adapters, using both USB-Cs simultaneously!!!
Exactly what I was looking for!	This is a handy USB C Hub. I have a mouse that needs a USB connections, a Bluetooth Keyboard that charges via USB and the MacBook Pro has no UBS ports. I am using all the USB C ports for extra monitors and back-up discs, and I need a dedicated port just for a thumbdrive for my embroidery machine. Thus, having this multi-port with the HDMI output is great. We have the equivalent "go-pro" from Polaroid and need to upload from the Micro SD card. This is brings me joy.
Works just as described and has a nice weight to it - real metal	Great piece of equipment, has all the ports I needed and then some. A must if your laptop came equipped with only USB C.  Very well built, appears to be a long-lasting product. The addition of SD card slots is a nice plus over other hubs for transferring files from your old camera. The three USB ports are ideal for my needs for legacy external headset and wireless keyboard/mouse combo.The only downside, if any, is that it is a bit bulky, wish it was a bit more compact by stacking ports on top of each other.
USB C Hub Multiport Adapter use	This is the right size and function and exactly what I needed for my laptop.
product was ok	Great product.
Good product	I've been using this USB Hub for a few months with my Macbook Pro, and it's held up great. Works perfectly with my monitor and all other peripherals.
The perfect buy	Quality material, works as it should.
Easy to Use	Good quality and the adapter works very well.  Easy to use.
great choice	Love it, HDMI works well with my monitor and the space grey color matches the laptop.
As described, good quality	I needed this item for my new macbook and it rlly came in handy. Its small and i just through into my backpack and works great when i use it
Amazing tool for your Mac in a world that is not 100% Mac yet	I bought this for a 2019 MacBook Pro I recently purchased. I wanted a hub that would satisfy all my current and likely future use cases, and this hub happened to have everything I needed at the cheapest price. I wasn't expecting much, but it's actually a really solid build quality - feels like it should be 2-3 times the price (what similar hubs are selling for in retail stores in my area).
Chromebook	I like that it works as designed and that it's easy to pack. The only change I would make, if possible, is that an additional usb-c would be added to this already great device.
Very good, not perfect	The USB C Hub has worked very well for Usb File & Photo xfer, Printer cable, Thumb Drives, Wifi Adapter. One limitation is the cord length, I added a 3.7 in. "KUXIYAN Type C to USB A Adapter"  to reach my computer and sit flat on the desk. Also, the Printer would not work if my Wifi Adapter was plugged into the port next to the Printer Cable, but worked fine if they were separated by plugging in at each end. I have used this only on a PC computer. I would purchase again.
Full Featured Device	The audio from the HDMI port has a clicking sound added by the interface
Works preety good	Nice and small metal housing, very sturdy feeling. Dose not work with my LG G6 will continue to test it on other devices and report back.
Does the Job	I love having access to my accessories using this Hub.  Its worked consistently since receiving it and I'm very pleased with the product.
Reliable and effective	Excellent product.
Overall good buy	I really recommend it and it’s easy to use without problems
A simple way to turn a laptop into a full desktop setup	Love this adapter. If you have a computer with a usb-c/thunderbolt 3 port, I HIGHLY recommend this product. I have the new 16 inch MacBook Pro (as of 2019), and this works perfectly! I've connected my flash drive, midi controllers, microphone, hard drive, TV, and this thing has worked perfectly. I haven't transferred anything from the SD card slot yet, though I doubt there will be an issue when I do need to, judging by how good quality this product is. Hope this helps!
What I was looking for!!	Great bang for your buck. Good quality product, no softwares to install just plug and play. The color matches perfectly  to my new mac.
Perfect	Very well constructed and has worked perfectly for first 3-4 months. No complaints at all.
Convenient hub	Good quality product that seems durable and should last many years.  I was looking for a way to expand the number of peripheral devices I can connect to my MacBook pro 2019 13 inch model and this product does a good job in accomplishing that objective.  Having a usb c port would be a nice addition and would allow me to charge my MacBook while using the adapter, which is why I gave it four stars.
Great addition to my Chromebook.	I have been using this product for over 4 months now and it has been working flawlessly. I use it to connect to USB peripherals and one HDMI monitor and even use it to switch between two Macbook pros, one personal and one for my work, and it all works perfectly. Highly recommend.
Solidly built - works well	Works great!
Very easy to use	Solid quality, works great as I use it when I travel.
Works well	Only thing missing is a rj45 ethernet port. otherwise good product
Very well built hub. Perfect for MacAir 2018	Pros: This hub is very well built and works great with my MacAir 2018.  It has a very solid feel and is plug and play. I has the portability and functionality to make the USB C ports very useful.  Cons: Only one, lacking in a PD port.  With a PD port this would be more than anyone would possibly need.
Sleek, Slim & Stylish	Works well.
Good product	highly recommend this item. it works great!
Works great with everything but my iPad	I love this! I had a different multipart adapter but it was too big and kept disconnecting. This one, on the hand, is very useful and portable! It has the perfect amount of ports and I can attach all I need such as SD cards, Microchips, USB, etc. I carry this everywhere I go without worrying if it will fit in my bag. I highly recommend this product!!!
Good item	This is exactly what I have been looking for! I travel constantly and this is the perfect combination of all the little connectors I have been carrying in bag in 1 piece. Really enjoy this product - the adapter itself and the quality. Will be purchasing another one for home!
Game Changer Adapter! Awesome!	Because the MacBook Pro only has two USB-C input jacks, I was concerned how I would connect other things to it. My son recommended this product and I couldn't be happier. It greatly expands the usability of the computer. It is compact, well-made, and functions just as it should and as advertised.  I would recommend it to anyone.
I love it!	I didn't have any way to connect everything for music until I found this, really helped out.
Inexpensive effective	Very solid product, works great! I love how fast it is, no lag at all, as if these ports were originally installed on my computer. I love how quickly I'm able to add more devices.
Great quality great buy	The product is just what I needed to connect my laptop to a large screen. It is high quality and easy to use.
Connecting the old with the new made easy	Purchased this for my new MacBook Pro due to the fact that it has no standard USB ports, only USB C. This product had great reviews and looked great in pictures. When I received the product, the quality was better than expected. The materials are high quality and matches my MacBook perfectly. Operation of the device has been seem less. I have not experienced a single issue or malfunction. It connects without effort and acts as a normal part of my MacBook.Highly recommend.
Durable HUB that stays cool and quiet if you unplug and have correct orientation	First let me say I didn’t want to see drive or whatever that they call it just said will work on iPad didn’t know I didn’t know it call plug-in to my 2015 iPad Pro connection.My bad for not looking up
Great product!	Works perfectly. Very nice product
Works. Seems well built.	Works well, convenient to use with nice features.
Very functional - great design, super lightweight- works great!	I was very pleasantly surprised with this USB Type C Hub. To be honest, I wasn't thinking much of it but for $20 it's a really good bargain. I have not yet seen a USB Type C hub with an hdmi port. For me, this is what makes this hub a must-have! The build material is also excellent as its made of metal so this hub does have a premium feel for it.
Matches space gray looks and works well	It was perfect, and exactly what I needed.
Just as promised	Just as promised!
Great price in for a quality product	Great for traveling. Got it after iPadOS released to use with my iPad Pro.
Work perfectly	I love the design very much. It is definitely useful for my new Macbook.
Works AMAZING!	The hub is not too big and contains all the ports you would need, especially if you have a MacBook as I do. The dongle features easy plug-and-play functionality and it looks nice to boot!
Good product	Perfect adapter works perfectly with Mac mini. I was worried when I ordered  as it was not listed as one of  compatible Mac models.
Works preety good	Good USB hub, small size and 7 interface ports, like a small docking station.
Works great and easy to use	Works great, exactly what I needed. Love that it has an SD port, too. Very handy and useful.
Perfect to travel with	Works well.
Works great!	Came quick! Works well, wish the wire was shorter! But love it ;)
Delightfully small, elegantly powerful but....	This 7-in-1 USB-C hub is solid and easy to transport. Good quality materials. We like that it is slim and portable. The only thing that would make this hub better, is if it had a USB-C charging port so a laptop can be plugged into a power supply while simultaneously using the hub and having an additional USB-C port available. As a result of not having a passthrough power charging port, this hub takes up one of your USB-C ports on your computer.  However, the other hubs that have this option that i noticed on Amazon are bulkier than this hub, so if you are looking for a solid lightweight and portable hub and you have enough free USB-C ports on your laptop this is excellent.I have upgraded my review from 4 stars to 5, because i originally only gave less than five stars because the hub does not have a USB-C charging port. However, as I mentioned I have yet to find another hub as compact in that price range that does. This hub has a good build and is very portable with a multitude of efficient hubs. Since purchasing, I learned that the company has another hub (USB C Hub for iPad Pro - 7 in 1 Portable) that is currently on sale for a very good price ; however, it should be noted the hub is designed with an iPad Pro in mind, though will also work in MacBooks and other laptops with USB-C ports. Search for USB C Hub for iPad Pro - 7 in 1 Portable 2.5D Tempered Glass Multiport Adapter with 4K HDMI, PD Charging, SD/TF Card Reader, USB 3.0 & 3.5mm AUX Dongle for iPad Pro 2018/Mac Pro/Type C Devicesby FlePow
Great	use this with my MacBook Pro, works great
More Than Expected	This product is an all in one adapter that provides every type of plug in you will need.The price point for this is also amazing. You will definitely feel like you are getting your moneys worth. Also an added bonus that it is the same space metal grey as the apple laptops so it looks sleek.
Good adapter	Works very well for my computer that requires usb c. Very useful.
The best mini hub for traveling	The best product for connecting all your devices; a great mini hub - highly recommended for home office setup or traveling.
Perfect for whatever you need an extension for	This hub has exceeded my expectations. It works great for HDMI, and I have never had a connectivity problem with it. Great quality overall!
Great Product!	I have bought quite a few usb C hub and this is the only one which plug and play. I don't need to adjust anything. I like this product and would like see how it works.
5 Star product	Love this product! Bring it anywhere you go.
Works great!	This USB C cable works great in my MacBook Pro. Loving it so far.
As described - very useful	I use this daily and it makes everything very convenient to have in one place. it has 3 usb ports 1 hdmi and 1 sd card slot. definitely a great product would highly recommend getting! i love the color as well, the gray color is sleek and classic and matches with a lot of things
Works well, but USB response jittery when using in combination with HDMI	The problem I had was that the ports in the laptop were so close together that I couldn't use the ones I needed all at the same time.  This hub has taken care of that problem.  It's those little things that can make a difference.
Very portable!	It’s quality is super and fully functional
Works AMAZING!	This product works great for the new MacBook pros as they no longer come with all these ports built into the laptop. This adapter makes for a very convenient hub for all of your cords that cannot be plugged into the laptop directly. Great product!
Works Great	Sturdy & serves it’a purpose. Very nice sleek finish that matches that of the macbook pro.
good but not for connecting laptop to monitor	Adapter is sturdy and lightweight making it easy to carry around and doesn't ruin the usb port.  I will be ordering another soon.  Do no hesitate to get.
Simple and work perfectly	This USB-C adapter is the perfect dongle. It's small, sleek, and has all the ports that I need to process data, give presentations, etc. I highly recommend purchasing this adapter, especially if you have a Macbook with only USB-C ports!
multiple ports, very convenient	I recently purchased a new MacBook Pro. While it offers 4 USB C ports, that's all it offers. So I purchased this adapter. I totally love its sleekness! It easily fits into a pocket in my laptop bag. It handles my USB drives with ease and speed. We've also enjoyed the HDMI port allowing me to stream HD videos with amazing clarity and no lag whatsoever. I am very satisfied with the quality, portability, and reliability of this adapter. I highly recommend.
great hub	Good for travel
A must-have adapter for Macbook	This device allowed me to connect older peripherals to my new MacBook Air with the USB-C drive.  I have had one device that did not work properly when connected through this adapter, but overall it does what it needs to do.  Some of these type adapters allow for computer charger through the adapter, but this one does not have that feature.  For the price paid, I would recommend.
This is exactly what was advertised	I have been using it for now a month and it is a solid product. very convenient for my travelling needs. never felt like a loose connection as was the case with my previous USB C hub. I would definitely recommend this product as such a great price.
Good Product!	This product is great works well with my mac book pro. I use it to connect my printer to my laptop and bring it to school for access sone usb files in class. Great price too.
Functional and portable	Don't EVER plug in an SD card and a MicroSD card in at the same time.  I had an entire days worth of footage corrupted because this adapter is the devil and can't handle the amount of ports it has.
So far, so good!	So far so great....My daughter needed a hub for her macbook pro and this fit the bill.  It is lightweight, easy to toss into her book bag and so far functions like it should.
Very well built hub. Perfect for MacAir 2018	I used to own a hub adapter that had to attach flush to the side of my laptop. It was very inconvenient, because if you have a case on your laptop, you had to be pull it off every time you put the hub on the laptop to plug a hard drive in or anything. I bought this new usb c port and it has made everything so much easier. It runs well, doesn't get as warm as my last one and the best part is I can leave my case on my laptop. This usb c port is super lightweight and easy to travel. I highly recommend this product.
Very Satisfied	Matches my space gray Macbook Pro well, looks sleek, and has all of the ports I need.
Quality product	This would not connect my tv to my phone. I plugged it into the tv but it said "no signal". The instructions are terrible and there is no troubleshooting or contact info. I haven't tried it with a computer but I wanted it for my tv.
Wont work with only Samsung note 9	I chose this adapter because of the number of different various ports.  I personally needed at least 2 USB ports, and this one even has an HDMI port which was a bonus.  There are 7 in total.  I have used an adapter that sits "flush" to my computer in the past and always had problems with the connection.  This one is great and easy to move with my computer around the house or to work.
Great material, super convenient for using	Handy device! Great product
Perfect for MacBook pro multitasking	The materials feel like they belong side by side with my Macbook air.  High quality and very compact for travelling.
Quality product	I love this product! Everything is as it should be-- even lighter in person than expected and functions well. One thing to note though, and this is not the fault of the product, hence why I still give it 5 stars, but I wish it also had an option to charge your laptop at the same time (I have a MacBook that only has one UCB-C port).
Good, affordable USB C Multiport Adapter	I was looking for an affordable multiport adapter for my MacBook Pro 16" and chose this because it has the ports I needed. I liked that it only takes up one USB C port on the laptop because I have a case. Build quality is solid and seems durable. It matches the space gray color of MacBooks. I use my older devices that connect by USB and they seem to work fine so far. SD card reader works great without problems. No complaints so far.
Makes my laptop more useable	Bought this for my new 2019 MacBook Pro so I had other ports beside usb c. Works as expected. HDMI and USB A ports are great to have.
Works great with everything but my iPad	I have owned a few usb-c hubs for my MacBook Pro. This is by far the best product I've tried. It does not overheat, it has all the ports I could ask for, and the power to each port works exactly as I expected.I would buy one or two of these at this price. I use it daily. It also transports easily in my leather computer case alongside my charging cable.Aaron
Best bang for your buck!	I bought this product to use for grad school and so far I love it. I’m able to carry it with easily in my back pack and I even charge my head phones through it all the time. It’s nice to have multiple ports available to me and so far it’s held up great! Definitely recommend buying.
Great service	Works as expected
Works as advertised	I really like the extra ports it has for sd cards as well as a charger for my phone. I travel to and from campus often so this is an absolute must for college students who use their laptop often.
Love It!	I love this product! It came extremely fast.  It is very compact and useful.  It makes up for where apple lacked on their new MacBooks.  I will be using this every time I pull my laptop out.
Very convenient to coral everything in one place	I gave this to my son. He needed this for school and is compatible with his laptop.  He said it really is nice and makes his work more efficient.  I got this thinking I could use with my iPad but that wasn't the case. You need a laptop or current computer to be able to use this but when you are able to use this it's a nifty little gadget.
Great product	Good quality ports. Video quality is very good when connected through HDMI port.
USB C 7 in 1 hub.	Worked fine for about two weeks and then just died. Had it plugged into my USBC port with my hdmi our and phone charging cable working just fine. Then I went to use another of the USB ports and it blew. The light never came on again and doesn’t work in any USBC port. Also blew the ports on my laptop, so now I have to fix those too. Maybe I got a lemon but this can’t handle all of the ports.
Love it!	Great product-works as intended!
Compact & durable	Super easy to use!  I was able to view photos of my grandchildren that were on a flash drive that I hadn’t seen in years!
Chromebook	Works great it is also good for traveling and has a nice feel to it, it is made of good quality and is light weight. Really recommend this product.
Amazing tool for your Mac in a world that is not 100% Mac yet	I guess I should have realized that this wouldn't work that great since it was one of the cheaper ones I could find. It makes a horrible high pitch noise when it is plugged in. The noise gets louder the more usb devices you plug into it. I have not been able to get the HDMI port to work at all yet.
Nice addition !	Works but it is a little awkward to position sometimes
great product	Everything works great.
Nice product	This works great and is compact and is affordably priced. Just what I was looking for.
USB C Hub Multiport Adapter use	i'm using it to connect my iphone manually and back up all data. it's working pretty well so far. plus, i ordered it last night and it came the next morning. can't complain about that!
Works better than my other purchase that cost substantially more...	This was a lot smaller than I thought, however it is working perfect! Every slot has worked, and the HDMI port has been perfect for hooking up to my TV. Great product!
Está  muy  bueno	The device was so small and convenient to carry around. Recommend 100%
Works Well	Well made, solid construction. Plug and play no nonsense connectivity. Works grest w/ my new MacBook Pro
Works as advertised	This product is exactly what I was looking for with more than enough slots for my USB and SD cards. Great buy!
product was ok	Good one in the recent time!
Solid Build Fair Price	The router work fine. The only issue is I get a “this device is not compatible” warning even though it charges everything I plug in
Adds needed functionality for the MacBook pro	Works as described. I use this one for cards and such, and the Anker one for ethernet and HDMI.
Very convenient to coral everything in one place	Wonderful product that I am using with my new MacBook Pro and it meets all my needs.Likes:-Good Build Quality-Portability for carrying around in my work bag-HDMI Port placementDislikes:-None at this timeRecommendation:-It would be cool to have an RJ-45 connector added in.
Great product	Just bought a new Mac and move the multiple USB ports and SD slot for picture upload!
Very good, not perfect	Great product for the price. I’ve had it for about 2 weeks now and it works great! I just have it set up on my home monitor, but it is portable as well. Only downside would be that there is no USB-C plugin as well. So for my laptop which has 4 c ports, it’s not a huge deal. But my girlfriend’s MacBook Air only has one port and it’s a bit inconvenient as you can’t use it and charge at the same time. Other than that though, no complaints. Great product overall especially for the price point.
exactly what I was looking for	So far this does it's job how its supposed to! Great size for travel and I've already had 3 hard drives running from it at once and it hasn't struggled one bit. No regrets of the purchase.
great addition to my MacBook Pro	I like how fast the speeds are, the multi port is great and like it has many ports.
useful	I am using this product for my 2017 macbook pro, since I want more usb inputs and an actual hdmi connection. It's pretty useful and durable as I continually use daily, I never have to worry about it going bad on me. IF for some reason it broke, i would get a new one.
Does the Job	GREAT ALTERNATIVE FOR THE APPLE PRODUCTS. I used it for SD slot and USB ports and it works great for the fraction of the price you would pay for Apple!
Has everything you need	This adapter has everything you need. Works great! Nice and small to fit in any compartment or laptop case, you can take on the go very nicely.I have had no issues.
Great product	Attractive and feels well made with all the ports I need.  Works well.
Does the Job	Useful and compact. Simple and easy plug and play between MacBook Pro with the USB-C port and my external Memory, USB and my phone. Easy to use and carry on travels.
Very well constructed and dependable.	Nice little hub, compact, stylish, good quality. Simple to use, connected everything and worked with one try. I use it to connect HDMI monitor, two external hard drives to my Dell XPS 13. Wireless mouse receiver can be plugged in the hub, but make sure no blockage in between the mouse the receiver.
Easy to use.	USB plugs and HDMI work, haven't tried the SD card. 4 stars because I don't like how floppy it is. I wish either side could be "right side up" just for aesthetic reasons. The cord is also stiff and doesn't bend well.
Extends your memory and ports!	This hub definitely does the job for my Surface Pro 7. So far there have been no problems with it. The only thing that I would suggest to improve it would be to make the cord that connects it to the surface longer so it could lay on the desk or other surfaces while using it.
Good quality for the price	Would recommend for someone else looking for an overall sufficient device for their port less items.
Allows eternal connection to your usb c computers	Easy to carry and working great, portable size allows us to carry easily.
Works well	Versatile and easy to pack. Great for my Chromebook!
Allows eternal connection to your usb c computers	Dope but I will need to return it since I bought only for my Chromebook which didn't work so I'm returning both.
Perfect for ipad also	Good product, works as intended. Would recommend.
Perfect to travel with	Works well.
Works like a charm	This is very easy to transport and always reliable
Simply all you need	Excellent product
Great product	It has a big power supply.  Good product.
Worth it's price	Easy to use, very compact, it was plug and play. Used for travel and ease of use.
As advertised!	It is really good. Small size and easy to take everywhere. Im super happy with my purchase!!!
Has everything you need	Portable easy to use and carry
Good purchase	I used for my new Mac Book Pro
Awesome addition for a Mac Mini	I ordered this dongle for my wife’s Mac mini. It looks like it belongs with the Mac mini and has added tons of functionality to the little Mac. This dongle has functioned perfectly for us and my wife has been very happy with it. The transfer rates are great, I recently played with some GoPro 4K footage and the entire experience was just plain quick. This dongle is a must if you deal with multimedia, there are so few ports on modern Macs that you flat out need one. This is the one to get.
Superior product and service	I bought this unit for when I bring home my work laptop and it's been great. I have it setup to work as a mini docking station, I simply move this single USB device from my personal laptop to my work computer to connect all of my home peripheral devices; key board, mouse, printer and best of all a second monitor. No more having to unplug and plug multiple cords. As an added bonus, it's given me 3 extra USB ports when plugged into my personal computer. I'm really happy with it.
Quality product	does what it needs to. Pretty sturdy and durable so far.Only issue is no other USB C port so can’t charge my MacBook with it plugged in.
Perfect	Great hub
Exactly what I needed all-in-one	I like it. I connect my flash drive to it to store and work on my projects without using the storage on my laptop.
Great for every application	This usb hub adapter works great- recommend. It has been used almost daily for several months.
A++	The hub works great, The usb3 ports are fast, the HDMI port has no issue outputting 1440p, I haven't tried the card reader yet.  One thing to note is that there is no usb input for power, so if using on a MacBook you will have to charge with another port.  This is perfect for my Mac mini
Best	Feel very solid and small for travel.
Good Product!	I needed this USB port for my MAC. It works pretty well. I do have some issues with the compatibility with my Music Production Software but for everything else it is perfect!
Micro as direct to ipad	Like that is super lightweight and easy to transport. Seems to take longer for iPhone charging than if you plugged the cord straight into an older Mac with the plugin.
Durable HUB that stays cool and quiet if you unplug and have correct orientation	Do you want to limit the number of devices plugged into your computer or expand your number of USB Ports and had an HDMI port?  If you do, this is the product for you.  It works great and the price it right.
Useful	Pretty sturdy. The cord is thick and durable, no problems with it so far
Great product	High quality product at a reasonable price. The aluminum body provides a great feel and look. Easy to use and compact for easy travel.
Great!	I couldn't get it to work?
Works great and easy to use	HDMI port wasn't working on my 2019 macbook pro
Exactly what I needed	It's functioning great. No complaints . Great value for money
Worth it's price	No complaints. Great portability and number of ports.
Works Great	Added ports while traveling.
Hight quality hub	This is exactly what we were looking for.  Multiport adaptor allows us to plug it all in!
Fast delivery / High quality	Good quality usb-c hub. Half of what apple wanted for theirs. Works great. Only issue is if wireless mouse fob is plugged into It, has a delay. Would buy again
Good USB-C hub to connect a 2nd display on Macbook Pro	This usb was the perfect fit for my computer. My computer couldn’t take regular usbs which I wasn’t aware of till I got my laptop. This hub is what kept me from returning it. I can keep all my usbs hooked up at once. I can use a keyboard and mouse and usb all at the same time.
Great product	Product works as advertised and still works great a few weeks later!
The multiport adaptor works	I have been using the product for a couple weeks now and I have not been disappointed. My main use are the USB ports and they all work properly. I also tested the other ports once and they worked as well. The build is solid and the cable part is a bit stiff. But I don't really need it to bend so I just leave it as it is. Overall, I'd say this is probably one of the best Hub that is out there on the market.
Highly recommended	Awesome product works great with the mac pro and is portability is A+
Great adapter!	The material is durable, and it is easy and light for carrying.
Makes your Macbook useful	I like the product as I can use it with my laptop, iPad and future phones! One thing I noticed is that you cannot use both SD slots at the same time, you have to choose either to use a a SD or Micro SD slot flash storage as my computer only recognizes one.
As described, good quality	Great for the price, Ive had no problems with it yet through one semester in school.
Easy to use!	So glad I purchased. Easy and convenient to use. Every helpful while I use my laptop for remote working. Would recommend and buy again.
Solidly built - works well	I am happy with this product as it's nice to have such a variety of ports, even though I may not use them all. It's working well so far. Very compact for taking with me anywhere. Sturdy so hopefully will last quite some time.
Solid and works well.	Solidly built, works great with no issues whatsoever with daily use. I also like that the color matches my macbook. Great piece of equipment at a great price.
Great material, super convenient for using	The product arrived in the 2 days that prime had listed and it was packaged nicely and arrived in perfect condition. Item works for what I needed it with my laptop. I would recommend this item as it has lots of options for adapting items to your laptop or PC.
The best mini hub for traveling	Very well made and works exactly how it should. Portability is very easy as it does not take a lot of room in my backpack.
You now have options from a small device. Been searching for*	Sleek and very portable, this is a necessity for those you have HDMI (External Monitor) , or USB devicessuch as a mouse or backup drives . Just plug in the older type devices into the FlePow Hub Pro and youare good to go.I have given this 5 stars even  without s a power "flow though" but I've managed without it.A fine product.
high quality product.	This is compatible with my Macbook Pro. You can use an SD card and a micro SD and also two USB’s which can be used for keyboard or additional devices . HDMI port has been really helpful as i use a external monitor. Great build quality and it matches my space grey macbook pro.
Perfect one!	Good use
Great USB-C Multi-Port Adapter for Mac	Had to figure this work from home full time thing out and needed at least two monitors to do it. Had an expensive hub at work that i couldnt find online. this worked with my dell latitude 7400 with Windows 10. Just received it 30m ago. Looked at the size of it and just knew that it wouldnt work. I was wrong.
Very easy to use	I bought this hub months ago. It works very well. I really love it!
love it	Would not power from my phone. No connectivity to attached storage devices.
Very useful product reasonably priced	Ought it for my highly technologically advanced nephew! He loved it!
IPad pro bff	I like things that do what they're supposed to do, which is why we buy them. This adapter allows my MacBook's 4 almost-useless USB-C ports to be converted into useful input ports, such as HDMI and standard USB. So far, it hasn't not worked, and my computer can now do the normal things it's supposed to do. I want to buy more things like this that work.
Works like a charm	Awesome product! Has everything I need all in one.
Works Great	very convenient to use, as well as easy to transfer.
Great product!	Exactly what I need! All ports have worked perfectly for my MacBook Pro.
Very compact and useful.	Me gustó el producto
It works !	If only one usb connected, it works fine. But as soon as you plug in the second usb device, both are dead/frozen.
Very solid build and portable for the price.	This is a must-have for any mackbook air owner. I can run my wired USB mouse and external HDMI monitor to my macbook like a breeze. Not made of cheap plastic, but has a sleek metallic housing which is actually quite lightweight. Highly recommended.
Small Portable USB Adapter	i was really excited for this product. when I plugged into my macbook pro the HDMI port doesnt work at all.
High quality and phenomenal price!!	Works as described out of the box. Seamlessly used with Intel NUC Thunderbolt Port. Would purchase again.
Works great!	Perfect for my MacBook Air.Good quality build!
Very good quality, works perfectly	I've been using this product for over 4 months, and I've never had a problem with it! It perfectly matches the stainless steel look of my computer, and I've never needed more ports than this product offers.My only complaint is with the stainless steel material itself (not the product); don't try putting it on top of your computer at the risk of something getting scratched.
My first time to give a review on Amazon	I have had no issue with this adaptor. It was so nice after I got a new computer with no USB ports to be able to plug in everything and even the HDMI port is super helpful for different projects I am working on. Small and easy to fit in my laptop case for travel.
Exactly what I needed all-in-one	Ok item
One stop shop	Product came packaged simply. All of the ports seem to be working. It has a slim design and works well for what I need it for. Comes with three USB ports, a microSD port and a normal SD port. Also with one HDMI port. Good product, especially for the price.
Love it	Works as described. Fast shipping.
Must have for your Macbook!	This item is a must have for MacBook owners!  We use the USB ports daily for our MacBook Pro as we have clients that bring in artwork to our business on USB drives.  I've bought one of these for each of my college age sons to use with their MacBooks as well.  We love this item!!
Material	This has truly expanded my computers ability to connect multiple devices.  I've had it for about 3 months and it works great.
Good purchase	Works great. Nice and compact.
Super handy to have around!	This is exactly what I need. It is a compact adapter for different purposes. Good to have it.
This is the one to get	Seems like a good quality product. Good connectivity. Can now connect my older iPhone to my computer and can also connect some other devices with USB. Also able to connect my computer to my tv with the hdmi. I recommend this product highly
Works great!	My old computer recently died so I gave in and bought a new MacBook.  To my horror all new MacBooks only come with USB C ports which means all my electronics are practically useless.  My 2nd monitor, microphone, hard drive, and printer were all useless.  So, instead of buying all new cables I bought this adapter instead and I definitely made the right call!  This adapter is able to handle multiple connections at once which means I can use everything I mentioned all at once while only using one port on my computer!  It keeps things organized and clutter free on my desk and I love it!  I'll be buying another one purely for travel because this is a life saver!
Perfectly functional	I recently purchased a new laptop that only has thunderbolt ports. This convenient multi-port adapter is easy to use and perfect for connecting my other devices, cameras and drives into the new laptop. Simple design. I’ve had no issues yet using it. Affordable price for a great tool :)
great for newer MacBook Air	I liked this specific model over the ones you can snap directly onto your laptop. Having the extra length away from the laptop helped me to easily disconnect and move things around.
Very well built hub. Perfect for MacAir 2018	I have been using the product now for 4 months.  I must confess I am not a heavy user.  I use it about 2 times per week at client sites to connect to a variety of devices.  It has been a very reliable product.  The long (vs wide) nature of the product makes it easy to fit into my small pack.  I have had a few of these adapters over the years.  A must-have for anyone with USB C ports.  I would recommend it.
Está  muy  bueno	It’s exactly what I wanted and handles everything very fast, I love it
Works as advertised	Solid product works as advertised no complaints at all.
Great Value	Perfect number of ports for the price could not be better love it so far!
Good Value for Money	Excelente empaque, tamaño compacto, fácil de cargar, instrucciones claras y sencillas.
It does the job!	It’s as good as I expected
Solid Build Fair Price	Was DOA. My phone kept trying to charge it instead of transfer files or mirror to the TV. Couldn't control from the phone no matter what cord I used. Messed with it for over an hour. Thankfully company refunded.
Great product at a great price.	This product worked without any issue, was as simple as connecting the ports and connecting it to the laptop. Had tried another product with good reviews but that was causing trouble when multiple devices were connected ...loved this product !
Exactly what I was looking for!	I admit I was a little shocked when I bought TWO apple laptops for my teenagers - well over $1600 a piece and they don't even have PORTS to plug things in - ARE WE KIDDING APPLE?  And if not - not even to include one with the system?  APPLE IS ALL ABOUT the $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$Anyways - THIS DEVICE IS AMAZING!  compact, so many ports, easy to use and affordable!  This little thing is a wonder in itself!  Don't think twice - grab it!
Solid product	I love that its so easy to use and it compact to where its easy to take with me where ever I need It. Great for college students with a MacBook Pro!
Great Adapter	I recently purchased a new mac mini that has 4 thunderbolt ports but only 2 USB ports — this gave me three more USB as well as a card reader which has been super useful!  Could definitely use a 4th USB port but other than that I really can't think of anything else that could be better about this product.
Just as described; better than expected	I am very pleased with my purchase. The hub feels more quality than I expected, but still very lightweight and portable. Would recommend.UPDATE: This still works very well however I did not notice that you could not charge your laptop while using an external drive. I would not buy this again for this reason.
All the ports you need	Just bought a new computer that only has the C type connection so needed a hub for USB and HDMI.  I research quite a few products and chose this one because it seemed like the best value for the money.  A lot of customers are having a great experience with the product just as we are.  Also, the initial one we ordered was not going to arrive in time so they let us cancel our order and re-order a new one to our new address.  Not only a great product but a great company to work with!
Simply all you need	I just bought this product and the built quality is solid. The material of it feels similar to the MacBook Pro material. For the price of this adapter compared to the other ones in the market, this is the best.
Full Featured Device	Works and looks great. Use it for my pictures and to charge my phone since my MacBook doesn’t have any of these ports. I’ve had it for 2 months already and use it often. Also matches the space grey look.
Just what my laptop needed	This works, unlike the one that came with my portable hard drive. Great product.
Add Plug and Play Functionality to Your iPad Pro	The Samsung laptop I recently purchased lacked sufficient ports.  As I have to use some of the things simultaneously, it was critical that I expand my ports  This looked like a good choice based on other buyer's feedback.  Sometimes there is a correlation between cost and name brand.  While name brand manufacturer's offer a similar device for a higher selling price, I don't know that there would be any additions to the quality or performance in this case.  You are paying for the name brand at least in this instance.The build quality is fabulous.  It looks expensive and feels expensive.  While that is great (I did like that it matched the Samsung laptop as if they were made together), the critical thing was performance.  I just spent several hours using this and the performance exceeded my expectations.I plugged in simultaneously a 256 GB Samsung Flash drive, a 16GB thumbdrive, a 64 GB SD card and the receiver for the mouse.  I opened all devices, moved files from one device to another and on to the laptop while directing the traffic with the mouse. Everything worked as if it was plugged in to its own dedicated port.  (Not sure why I doubted that it would work.)  Oh and I put in a micro SD card, formatted it and then moved files on and off of it from the laptop and from other drives plugged into the port.  If there is any way to overload the system, I didn't find it.  Granted my files were not complex (typically photos) but this handled it without issue.If I have a complaint it is that even as small and compact as this device is, I expect with everything plugged into a port, the weight may result in the device coming unplugged if I lift the laptop and fail to support the device.  In other words, if I leave it hanging I fear the weight will pull it out.  It didn't happen today so perhaps my fears are without foundation.  Unless there is an edit hear assume that this is NOT a problem.  I move the laptop around with me constantly.  I have gotten into watching documentaries (right now I am deep into whales, thank you National Geographic and guys do you have to keep showing footage of the big orcas eating all the babies?).  It is great to be able to take a break, watch a bit and then get back to work.  Yes I could remove the devices, but them I wouldn't remember where I put them or I would put them somewhere stupid and spend forever trying to find them.  From my point it is far more efficient to leave everything I am using plugged in.  Hence my concern.  If anyone has come up with a way to attach this to their laptop I would love to hear about it.  I thought about putting some Velcro on the back of the laptop lid and on the back of this device, but I doubt there is enough cord length.  While an overly long cord is a pain in the butt, a few more inches here would have offered me a bit more flexibility. Anyone else who comes up with a way to affix this please let me know.While the seller is providing a gift for leaving feedback that did not influence my rating or my assessment.  I rely heavily on the ratings when making purchases and know how important an honest review is.  Great product at a great price really does sum this one up.
Exactly what I needed for my Mac	Great port extender for my HP envy.  Card reader is fast, HDMI hook up to larger screen works great. Amazing little device
Very solid build and portable for the price.	I needed an affordable adapter for my MacBook Pro that includes USB 3.0 and an HDMI port. I like this one because it’s light and can hang off your computer when you pick it up. It also only takes up 1 USB C port on my Mac so I still have another port available for charging or my external SSD
Extends your memory and ports!	This is exactly the thing I was looking for. I love that it has all the ports necessary and the three USB ports come in handy when trying to connect multiple peripherals. I also really like the HDMI at the top. The material and overall build quality is outstanding. I would have liked it to come in various colors to match my silver MacBook but very minor thing in the end. 100% recommend!
Great value. Works real well.	Product works great. Perfect for Mac books. Would recommend to a friend.
Great addition to IPad Pro	Convenient, easy to use and carry along. I plan to buy another to keep at my office.
it just works great	It’s been a few months I have been using this product and I must say, it’s an awesome product. Amazing build quality. Does not heat up, I use this for 8-10 hours almost every day and so far my experience has been great.
A great hub	I use this little USB adapter when traveling with my MacBook Pro, as I have a full-featured docking station kind of thing at home. This does the trick of giving me the classic USB ports on a Mac that only has USB-C. Speeds for USB 3.0 flash drives and the SD card reader are all good. I haven't use the HDMI much, but have tested to confirm that it works fine. I've also tested all the features on my work Dell laptop so I'm confident they works with Windows 10 as well. All in all, this does exactly what I need it to do, and the price is right.
Just as described; better than expected	Work great with my phone, laptop & TV. Has everything you need. HDMI, 3 USB, SD & micro SD card reader. Highly recommend
Small, practical, and convenient	This product is exactly what I needed for a very reasonable price. It successfully converts the two small USB-c ports to much more useful SD/USB 3.0/HDMI ports, and it's lightweight too! Extremely easy to figure out how to use, and very lightweight. Great product.
Perfect for whatever you need an extension for	Love the idea, looks sleek and matches my Mac Book. Wish there was a USBC port to make up for the one you loss. Works occasionally. Wouldn’t recommend purchasing.
Works like a charm	Worked like it was suppose to right out of the box
Great product	Unusable.  When I plug it into my MacBook Pro, it interferes with my WiFi for some reason. Plug it in, WiFi connection slows to the point of unusable, then I unplug it and my connection works again. I have no idea why but it’s very disappointing. I wish I could get my money back because I had to get an Apple adapter In the end.  If I worked offline it would probably be fine.
Very useful product reasonably priced	I have no complaints whatsoever. It has worked perfectly for me. 100% recommended!
Works great and we use it daily it’s been a great thing to have.	Love this adaptor. It matches my laptop perfectly. It is sleek and gets the job done. Great purchase.
4K HDMI works well	I have been using this product for over 2 weeks now and I must say I am really satisfied with it. Superior quality and value for money.
Good, affordable USB C Multiport Adapter	I'm out and about most of the time and this thing gives me all of the functionality of a laptop dock without any of the extra weight and clutter in my bag. Having access to all of those extra USB ports is a godsend and having the ability to hook up another monitor with the HDMI port makes my laptop a productivity powerhouse. If you travel alot, or if your laptop is your main computer. I definitely recommend this.
Good adapter	If I had to pick one complement to recent Macbooks, it would be this item without a doubt! Only wish that I had thought of buying it on Black Friday.
Great quality!!	I ordered this adapter mainly to use the HDMI, but having 3 USB 3.0 ports have been more useful than expected.Very light and practical with an excellent finish material
Functional and portable	Seems fine after using it for a month or so. Haven't tested the HDMI feature yet, but the USB and card reader functions work well.
Good, product, great buying experience	I bought this for my MacBook Pro this is great little hub it performs well for my needs the best part of it was price. I have no issues with it.
compact solid attachment	I use it everyday!
Very compact	This macbook accessory is made of quality material, matches my space gray macbook pro, and is great for HDMI, SD cards, USB, etc.
I love it!	It works great for my ipad pro 11. I can connect my flash drive and mouse with it. Now my ipad can be used as a laptop.
Works	I like it. The material and the design are nice.It's easy to use and works very well.I do really recommend it for now. Don't know how will work inbthe future...
multiple ports, very convenient	I just became a Mac owner and didn't realize how many devises I had that didn't connect to this new computer.  I was looking for a reasonably priced adapter that would serve multiple functions.  The USB C Hub Multiport Adapter - 7 in 1 Portable Space Aluminum Dongle with 4K HDMI Output, 3 USB 3.0 Ports, SD/Micro SD Card Reader does it all.  It's also small enough to fit in my Mac cover so I'm never without it.  I've had it now for since January 12 and I've had no problems.  I heartily recommend it!
Best bang for your buck!	I just received the product. I pulled it out the box and plugged it in my Mac Book Pro. Definitely does not work correctly. I don't know if it is a defective product but it doesn't work at times. Seems like it only works at certain angles. Not the best of products.
Great functioning USB Hub	I liked the hub, it is compact and runs all of my laptop accessories.
Works as intended for a great price!	Super easy to use and works great.  Just plug it in and go, I’m so glad I got this.
Easy to Use	Very satisfied with this. I use it daily with my Pro Gl to transfer files from my laptop to it.
Seems durable	Works as advertised, less expensive that fancier alternatives but still provides all the basic connections/ports you need at a good price.
Great addition to my Chromebook.	I bought this one around Oct 20, 2019. It stopped working on Dec. 17th, 2019. So I had to buy another one, brand QGeeM. See the attached photo. The new one works so far.
Very Durable	Very easy to transport, helpful with transitioning from PC to Mac, all ports work as expected. Very satisfied!
High quality hub	Low profile, fits in my laptop case. Works as described! Used with a 15" MacBook Pro.
Solid product	Plug and play, easy to use and functional.
Very useful product reasonably priced	this product feels very sturdy, works great and easily portable! highly recommend.
Very handy!	Very easy to use, plugs right into my Apple air, anything I need to plug in has a place to go. Works great!
Amazing Product!	I love this product. With purchasing a new Macbook Pro and IPad the ports have changed. I have old adapters and flash drives that I still use. This USB hub is great because I can multi task.As a working nurse practitioner in a busy urgent care I  have a special flash drive to use when completing charts at home. If I didn't have this USB hub I would not have the capability to finish charts at home. Great product.
Good Quality	I like how there are lots of options to connect. I don't like the cord that connects the device to the computer, too much slack and flimsy, I use it with my laptop so I am constantly moving it.
Awesome addition for a Mac Mini	With the death of my old usb hub and the upgrade of my mac and its newest ports, I needed something to connect my slightly older technology to my new iMac in a flash.  Product arrived quickly, was easy to install (plug and play) and has served in its appropriate capacity since.  I can still connect my DSLR camera's and dash cam's usb cords to my fancy new computer without them dropping every few seconds and preventing me from actually downloading the images.  My microphone is nice and clear.  Maybe one day I will update the microphone but this serves perfectly for now.  My only issue is that the cord is short and makes it a bit awkward to plug it in the back of an iMac.  It's the perfect length for the MacBookPro though.
great hub	Multi use. Good
Gets it done	Very useful for attaching older devices - replaces most of the ports on my old MacBook Pro....  Fits easily in my bag which makes it handy at all times.
great product	Good quality and matches my space grey macbook pro!
Great sleek and sturdy semi-compact product.  * 4.5/5 *	I got the adapter for my 2017 MacBook Air (13.3 in. display). The quality of the adapter was high, didn't feel like plastic. The three USB ports worked well, and all three can be used at once. I was worried the adapter would make it difficult to charge, while using the adapter, but there was a good amount of space between the two connectors so you can charge and use the adapter at the same time. The SD and MicroSD ports are useful for transferring pictures from phones and cameras. Haven't had a chance to use the HDMI port though. Not sure if it will be travel proof since there will be a lot of bending of the wire, but seems to hold well so far. Overall very useful and portable.
Bang for buck	The quality of the adapter is great and it also matches the color of my laptop so bonus points for that.
Did the job without fuss	Got a new laptop at work with only 1 USB port. Bought this to be able to connect multiple devices such as my mouse, phone, headphones, etc.  Works great and is small in size to be able to keep in my laptop bag and transport from home to office.
Gets it done	Works. Gets the job done. Wish the SD speed was faster.
Good for travel	The product is amazing, it works perfectly for people who have a Microsoft go or pro because the usb component is not included in those type of computers/tablets.I highly recommend buying this product...it’s small and very easy to carry anywhere.You can use it to stream movies, music or anything that interest you. It’s as simple as connecting any device that uses usb-c as an option and than from there simply connect an hdmi to your tv screen and boom! It on the big screen.I have a Microsoft go and it didn’t come with a mouse soo...I had to use one that works with batteries and a usb chip but the Microsoft go only have a usb-c port and not usb. This product save the day allowing me to do so much more with my Microsoft go.
Does what it should	This adapter works perfect for my MacBook Air. Exactly what I needed plus great quality!
Feels like quality	Works flawlessly and I love it! Would definitely buy again and recommend!
Great quality and value.	This is a very solid adapter that I believe will last me a while. I've had it for about 3 months now and have not had any issues.
Great product	It’s exactly what I needed!
Good Value for Money	Bought this for my 2017 MacBook Pro and it works like a dream! Love all the functions especially the HDMI one. Hope they can also produce silver ones.
Awesome addition for a Mac Mini	I got Mac Book Pro along with the magic mouse and keyboard.  Unfortunately the MAC has 4 USB-C ports on it and no standard USB ports.  The directions say to connect the mouse and keyboard to the MAC in order to sync the Bluetooth connections, but the cables that come with the keyboard and mouse are USB-C to USB so they will not work.The USB-C multi port adapter was the perfect solution for me.  I was able to connect both devices to the MAC for syncing as well as charging.  I also like that it has the extra port features that I can use for SD, Micro SD as well as HDMI.I am also impressed with the quality of the device so far and would recommend this to anyone needing to link a USB device to the USB-C
need longer flexible cord	need longer flexible cord
Awesome adapter...	Made of metal, it looks very sturdy and it will be very practical with the new MacBook Pro my husband wants to buy. It’s a good product, small, light and versatile. Great buy! Ideal for traveling.
Yes yes yes! A MUST buy for any new Mac users!	This product fits all my needs at an affordable cost! As a filmmaker and photographer with the new MacBook Pro, I've disliked how my laptop no longer has an SD card slot. This device allows me to upload footage, whilst also using a USB port if necessary. Having extra add ons like a HDMI port is also useful with these new Macs that only have lightning ports built in. Overall, I'm extremely satisfied with the diversity of this hub.
Works	Item performs as described. Durable and built well.
Game Changer Adapter! Awesome!	I've had this adapter a few months now and it is amazing.First, the color matches my new MacBook Pro perfectly. Second I use it for everything. My external mouse, external keyboard, USBs, hard drive, HDMI, and i've never had any issues. I've read that people say you can't charge your computer at the same time which isn't true. I charge my computer while using the adapter all the time. I work remote so I'm using this thing 24/7 and I've never had any issues.It's a life saver!
Excellent product.	Excellent
Satisfied with product	Works perfectly with my Macbook Air, never had any problems regarding hard drives or SD cards.
Fast Data Transfer	Great product! I love being able to upload photos on my Mac now!
Love it	Amazing product. I bought a $75 one prior that wasn’t nearly as durable and broke 2 of my SD cards containing important photos. Ordered this one and I haven’t had a single problem.
Great product.	Perfect adjunct to my Mac Air
Amazing Product!	Doesn't do anything, bought it to plug a mouse and keyboard Into my phone but it literally does nothing.
Exactly what I wanted	I really like! The same thing in Best Buy costs a lot of money, but this one is very cheap, very fast and really great! Definitely would recommend this!
Thumbs Up!	It is hard to bret the price for a USB C hub like this one.  Use it for PPT presentation and remote presenter.  It works just fine.One disappointment: it does not work if you plug an Apple  DVD/CD player to this USB C Hub adapter. A message appears on the Macbook screen: "USB Accessory Needs Power,,, Connect Apple USB SuperDrive to a USB Port on this Mac"
Convenient all-in-one Hub!	Exactly what I needed. I have a Pixel Slate that has only 2 USB3 ports. This allows me to connect all my various types of connections with ease.
High quality and phenomenal price!!	I use this all the time with my Mac as a freelancer! Great quality, good connection, and easy to travel with. Highly recommend!
Great Stocking Stuffer!! Must Have Gadget for Mac with USB-C port!!	I was impressed with the description of this Hub Pro, but still skeptical.  I've been fooled by other products in the past only to learn that they were made cheaply or didn't perform up to par.  NOT THE CASE HERE!  This Hub Pro is everything it claims to be and more.  I tested it extensively with SD & TF Cards and several of my flash drives from different manufacturers.  Fast as heck.  I couldn't find a weak spot in it's construction. A form fit plastic/paper box to carry or store it. My Galaxy 10 saw it and worked with it as if it was an internal drive. I'd recommend it to family or friend without hesitation. I'm most impressed with it's physical integrity.  Well built.  I'll have it and use it for A long time.
Good adapter	Ok the product is insanely durable and good. However, when I use my mouse and keyboard and an hdmi cable for my MacBook, it heats up really fast and my keyboard even turned off too. But it takes like a good 3 hrs to heat up and you can fix it by just disconnecting it and connecting it again.
Great value.	Works great!
4K HDMI works well	This product is just as advertised.  It met my expectations.  It was true to size, providing multiple ports. it's durable and portable.
I love it	This is a great hub. It is great for me because it’s small and compact, and also my laptop has very limited ports but this hub will allow me to connect with USB, memorycard, hdmi slot flawlessly
Gets the job done	meets all my needs for traveling a lot
Great USB-C Multi-Port Adapter for Mac	I purchased this USB hub and was surprised at the meticulously crafted design for the price.  It has an aluminum unibody, which keeps it cool but also gives it a sleek look.  The USB on it is lightning fast.  I haven't used the card slots or HDMI on it yet, but that's definitely an added bonus for someone that uses a hub while on travel.  The only down sides are I wish it also had a USB C port and I wish the source cable could detach or collapse for easier portability.  At any rate, I'm happy with the purchase and if I had to do it again, I would probably make the purchase again.
Multiport Multimedia	Super lightweight, very sleek and easy to transport. Has a great number and variety of ports, able to use several at once. This is exactly what I was looking for and it was a great price.
Versatile	Very small peripheral. Excellent for microsoft surface.Works perfectly!
Great value.	Great quality product for good price, well build, this is perfect all what I was looking for five star for me.
Works grate	I really like the all in one aspect to the port. The only problem I have with it is that the plug on my mac book also takes up the charging port.
Very useful	Great Product ! Works well with Windows Surface
Great!	Great Product! Very useful!
Works like a charm	good product. light, great design and not cheap looking finish. I just wish USB 3.0 Adapter would be included in a box.
This is exactly what was advertised	Quality is very solid. It has 3 UBS 3.0 ports. I can have multiple USB sticks and micro SD card inserted while using the HDMI port (cable not included) to connect to a monitor. It's small and fits perfectly on my tech bag. Very convenient for quick data transfers.
Small and portable	really light weight
Very Durable	I love it already. I like that it comes with 3 usb ports and the SD card. It works perfectly and I can't wait to use it more!
Nice product	I love it so easy to carry and light. Works perfect!
A great recommend !	I think this product is better than other adapters. It has 3 USB ports and HD, SD card ports but it is not heavy!! so useful!! I highly recommend this product!
Allows eternal connection to your usb c computers	Timely delivery works well & it's light with a nice design. Thank you!
Love it	Love it. Works for what i need it for.
Works Great	Perfect size for what I need.
Just what I needed!	I ordered this to  have multiple USB ports and it does. It gets the job done for sure. I took a point because it is a bit slower to charge iPhone thru this than the standard Apple doohickey.  It arrived on time and in good condition. It fits into the make-up bag I use to  carry all the little doohickies for my Mac.
Functional and portable	This has been very useful with my new Mac laptop. Only additional port I wish it had would be an HDMI connector.
Great quality great buy	This arrived quickly and performed as well as expected. Thank you !!
Bang for buck	Very small and easy to take with you. Includes a lot of USB ports for multiple plug in use
Very compact	Product works great. It was exactly what I was looking for!
Very Great	I used it because my MacBook Pro only has 2 USB C ports.
So far, so good!	Works great as advertised!
Excellence	Product works great , no problems at all.
Great USB C Hub	Almost perfect... but YOU CANNOT CHARGE AT THE SAME TIME....But it was so easy to use
Great product	Product is what I expected. I have only used it a few times so far, but it is working as expected.
Very Great	Solid build and performance.
light weight and easy	It did what it was supposed to do, worked great!!
Metal body, good value	Metal body, good quality, and good value for the amount of money.
Great product!	Great product . Working perfectly.
Perfect for ipad also	Made from good material and sturdy as hell andCan take a beating in addition to being an all in one for the MacBook Pro it can probably be stuffed into a sock and used for self-defense, Wah-pow!
great quality	Great for downloading pictures to my Apple products
Excellent Multi-@ort Adapter for All My Electronics While I Travel	This product has worked extremely well thus far. I’ve had a different brand port, and that one did not hold up well at all. I would definitely recommend you try this out for yourself.
Cell use	Happy with purchase; met my needs. Good quality as advertised.
It really has all the ports	Just as described. Thanks
good but not for connecting laptop to monitor	Works perfect, I love it to connect my tv to my MacBook. No issues and the quality of the material is good
multiple ports, very convenient	I have 3 or 4 devices that I connect to my laptop at a given time, including peripherals, portable HDDs, SD cards, USB thumb drives, cameras, phones/pads, and an HDTV. I'm in need for ports of all kind: USB, SD, and HDMI. I happen to transfer large files as well between devices (mainly for backup purpose).This USB hub satisfies my needs fantastically. Its design is sleek and simple. The aluminum body looks compact and sturdy. The file transfer speed is awesome. I seriously recommend this product.One thing I noticed is if the HMDI cable (to a HDTV) was inserted to the hub before booting my laptop, the laptop wouldn't boot after I pressed the power button (I got a blank screen). After removing the HDMI from the hub, the laptop booted just fine. Reinserting the HDMI cable, the HDTV worked fine as a monitor, too. I'm not sure if this is a problem with the hub. Therefore, this observation won't affect my decision giving the USB hub a 5-star rating.
Works great and easy to use	This was perfect for my MacBook Pro that does not have the proper ports. The multi port was perfect for all my needs: school, business, photography etc.  definitely recommend to any one with a MacBook!
great addition to my MacBook Pro	Great product, it feels like a quality product, I love it definitely would buy it again. Great for the price.
Great price in for a quality product	I hooked my mouse, keyboard and both my monitors up to it and it instantly worked great.
Works well	I ordered this product a couple months ago and it is perfect. Previously I ordered one that connected directly to my computer and it broke. The fact that this is connected through a cable makes it a lot more durable. It is also built-in one piece so it cannot break.Overall this is a great product and one of the best if you are looking for an extension cable for Mac
Highly recommend	Love this HUB! It’s sturdy and my memory cards never fall out!
Great Quality	I needed an adapter for my portable computer that allows other devices to connect to the micro-USB.  I tested it upon arrival and worked perfectly.
Great functioning USB Hub	Ligero, portátil y por el precio es una excelente opción ! Lo he venido probando y no me ha dado ningún problema, ha funcionado muy bien !
Easy to use.	Product was received quickly and ready to use.  It expands capability of my new Mac Book Pro immensely and easily.
Perfect to travel with	Not bad 👍
Best	Great product for the home or office!
Perfectly functional	This a fabulous product, I use it every day with no issues.
Very useful	Great add on if you would like various ports for your Mac Book or other USB-C device.
It just works.	Loved the product...allows me to multi taskand I can connect it to my TV..
Versatile!	The quality of the materials are great and so far it's good and easy to use.
Love it!	Bought it to use with 2019 Macbook Pro. The color matches almost perfectly that looks like an original Apple product. The size is so compact that it allowed me to forgive Apple for removing all those ports :)Not that I needed it but tested with Lenovo X1 Yoga, it works with that as well.
Recommend	We bought several of these for office use. They work well in comparison to other, higher priced adapters.
Great USB C Hub	This hub works fantastically for my Macbook Pro.  No issues, and the 4K HDMI was a necessity. Cannot be beat for the money!
Works perfectly	Works and matches the MacBook Pro space gray color scheme.
Super handy to have around!	Excellent product and value.  I use it to connect a surface pro to an external large monitor.  It has several other ports as well.
Useful	The product works well and looks good. I will buy it again if necessary.
Good Product	My favorite thing about this product is easily the color. Super cute, just what I wanted. If we’re talking functionality, I guess that works too but I was really in it for the aesthetic. Overall very happy with my purchase!
Exactly what I needed	Great product. Works as intended.
Good Product!	There is a connection problem with my old one (another brand). SO I bought a new one. The connection is good for now.I like the appearance.
Chromebook	This is a great product and I am very happy with my purchase. Everything worked as I expected.It is small and easy to carry it with my laptop and looks nice. The data transfer is fast.
Does the job	Despite one of the usb ports seemingly not working the device itself serves its purpose. Wasn't aware that it doesn't charge before buying but otherwise I'm happy with it. Transfer speeds are legit and I love the portable size and slim design.
received ; as advertised	I love the look of the product and the color. The materials feel premium and every port seems to do what its made to do
Useful	Very good product. Makes laptop ports so much more pliable
It works	I received this a day after ordering and it seems to be exactly what I need! Feels like good quality.
Solidly built - works well	Its small, slim and works great!
Compact but offers a lot!	I ordered the USB C Hub Multiport Adapter because my new computer only had 2 USB ports. I plugged my printer into it & it works great. I have other Port Adapters that couldn't handle a printer & were slow at loading data of an external USB Flash drive.
Awesome!	Great product! It has all the interfaces needed! Well-made, sturdy and more than worth the price! no complaints!
A great recommend !	I have been using this product for a few months and it seems to work great. It has all of the ports that I need when working from home. 5/5 would recommend it.
Connecting the old with the new made easy	I only have one USB 3.0 port on my laptop, which is exclusively taken up by the receiver for my wireless mouse and keyboard. Wanted to be able to plug in other USB 3.0 like flash drives, other machines that still only have USB 3.0. Works great with this - also the 4K HDMI port is excellent and works well. The only problem seems to be that there is a LOT of lag time if I plug the keyboard/mouse receiver into this adapter, no matter how many times I unplug and plug back in and regardless of which USB 3.0 slot I choose in the adapter. So my receiver will stay in my only USB 3.0 computer slot and I'll have to use this accessory for everything else. But so far for every other thing it works great!
USB Port unstable	Works like a charm!  No complaints or issues.  Worth the buy.
Works as advertised	You get a lot for your money with this HUB. It as an essential tool for any road warrior. Amazing build quality for the price.  It’s nice to get such quality for a fair price!
Does exactly what it is supposed to do	I got this for my new MacBook Pro and have been using it the past few months, and it works great.I watched a co-worker struggle with a similar multiport adapter connecting to different monitors. I have never run into an issue with this model and have connected everything from USB mics, USB audio adapters, HDMI 4k monitors, SD cards, and external harddrives. Nothing I have plugged in has given me trouble.Has a solid construction and at first I was extra careful with the cable portion as I am used to Apple cables which bend and then start to break after a few months time. This one has shown no signs that the cable portion will start to fall apart.
Good for travel	I travel a lot and this fits in pretty well with my cable organizer in my backpack. Connector is quality, aluminum body construction to endure getting knocked around, usb ports are spaced  well for those slightly larger profile cased usb drives.  As it stands seems like a good product.  I still need to road test it for a bit.  We shall see.
Feels like quality	Like this so I can use more than one USB port.
Disappointed	It came as expected and in good condition. I work well, it seems like it has a shortage, but I think that it was my computer USB-C port and not the Hub. Right now I can move it around without it disconnecting, so im not gonna hold the minor set back to this product. I have a MacBook Pro (2017) it was compatible and easy to use. it charges my iPhone 7 Plus and read it well. I only had it for a few hours, but i fairly enjoying this purchase.
Delivers the goods at a fair price.	I purchased this to go along with an external DVD player to use with a laptop.  It worked well, but it didn’t come with an adapter that fit anything i have.  I had to purchase one to fit into the DVD player.I bought a USB 3.1 5Gbps USB-C Adapter.This is what it says on the package:Convert any computer’s USB 3.1 or 2.0 Type-A port into USB-C female port and connect any USB-C devices including external drive, smartphone or tablet.Once I bought the adapter I was able to use it.  It worked well once I was able to actually use it.The company should include an adapter, or at least let you know it has a male plug that can’t fit into the usual female connectors.I gave it three stars because I had to go out and get help from Micro Center to find the additional piece.When it worked with an adapter I would recommend it.  It a nice piece, sturdy, and has several slots in this hub.
Does the job	This product works perfectly, exactly as described! Has a very sleek design and looks great at my desk at work. Only thing I could ask for is a charging port on the hub (don't know if this would be possible) so as to not lose any functionality from plugging into the laptop, but can't complain as it's a great product!
The perfect buy	I love the sleek look, very  small and easy to use.
Very Versatile	The kids use many different devices ay one time and their existing USB hubs broke. This seemed like a better replacement because it has more features in one place and looked more durable. It is working well and we are happy with the good quality. It has been three months and is still holding up with increased use due to the stay at home situation.
Good, affordable USB C Multiport Adapter	I have had difficulty with USB-C hubs on a Macbook Pro in the past, but this one has worked perfectly for me. If you need a USB-C hub for your Macbook Pro, consider this one. It's affordable and works perfectly every time I use it.
Love it	It is worth the price. Works fine.
Easy to use!!!	This adapter is perfect. I have been using it for my photo editing, and it exports just as smoothly as with my older laptop with the SD and USB ports. Made of sturdy metal--- NOT PLASTIC. LOVE THIS PRODUCT!
Good product	It’s very useful and very fancy.
Works AMAZING!	Item came fast and is better than what I expected. It is smaller and sturdier than I thought it would be. Can't wait to try it out!
Compact but offers a lot!	Made of quality materials. Easy plug & play compatibility. No driver issues. Perfect for device multitasking and home/office workstations.
Great!	Product is as described. It has all ports I need and it’s convenient.
Great Adapter	Failed after one week. Junk. Returned.
USB Port unstable	Product easy to use. The 3 USB ports are easy to access and use. Great little device that can be carried with my Microsoft Surface.
Perfect for MacBook pro multitasking	I use this hub on a daily basis for business and personal needs. I usually use multiple ports at once, although it is rare that two usb devices fit side by side in the hub as it’s designed. As that is a rare need, this is not a problem for me. This hub serves my needs and has for the last several months.
Satisfied with product	It gets the job done and is easy to take on the go. No complaints!
Perfect product	The three USB 3 output ports are just what I need
This  USB hub is great!	Really nice adapter.
Very handy!	I was very happy with this product after using it for a couple of months. It really comes in handy and I appreciate the slimness of it and such. The only thing that bothers me slightly is that the thick cable is stuck in the shape as it was in its box. You cant straighten it so sometimes it would flip over and make it harder for you to plug in a usb or hdmi. Other than this little issue, the product it wonderful.
Highly recommended	I like that it is compact.  At first I had to have it very near my computer to respond to my mouse but my son worked on something on my computer and now it works great all the time.  There was nothing wrong with the hub, just had to get my MacBook Air to talk to it more clearly.
multiple ports, very convenient	I purchased this Hub because I needed a way to display my Macbook Pro's screen onto a nearby computer monitor. This handy hub did the trick, and also includes three USB 3.0 ports and SD card readers. The material quality is very nice - as it feels metallic and durable. The device is not that heavy, but I do wish that it came with a small sleeve as well. However, for the price, this hub is very good, and I look forward to using it more with my Mac.
Gets the job done	Everything I needed it to be. Works great!
Adds needed functionality for the MacBook pro	Don't do what I did and go cheap!  This is perfect for my needs and worked great out of the box.  No more hassles of repeatedly reconnecting an inferior product.  Highly recommend this product.
DURABLE	This was a great purchase. My MacBook Pro has 4 USB C ports. This takes up one of them, but adds 3 USB ports, and an SD card reader. All works flawlessly and allows me to have several hard drives plugged into my computer for video editing.
Good Product	Great product. Great for travel. Fully satisfied customer.
Great Adapter	i was so excited for this to arrive, since i have a Macbook Pro and thought this would be the perfect adapter. BUT it does not work. it won’t recognize my phone, my phone keeps “connecting” and then disconnecting” even though it’s plugged in, so i figured it was my wire that was not working. but it does that with every wire i use. the hdmi port also doesn’t work well, everytime i try connecting my laptop to my tv it kick us off and just won’t work. very disappointed in this item. i will be returning for a refund.
Works just as described and has a nice weight to it - real metal	I had this for under a year and it has completely stopped working. It always had an issue connecting to the first port my MacBook Pro. Now when I try to Insert my USB or as card it will read and eject. The cord that attaches the hub seems to have failed somehow. My advise would be to invest in one that doesnt have a cord like this.
Material	This product is great for use for MacBooks that lack ports needed.  It's compact enough to throw in a bag and pull out for quick use needs.
Fit perfectly into my MacPro	compact, easy to use
Highly recommended	Few of our USB accessories, even those for USB 3, fit the USB C ports in a recently purchased laptop. This hub/adapter solved our problem, is convenient, and robust enough to survive travel bouncing around with other accessories in a bag.
Happy	It came with a nice package. Its design is very good. light, small and has all necessary ports. The quality of the HDMI connection is perfect. I recommend this adapter.
Recommend	It feels pretty light and could break easily, although has been doing me justice for the past few months.
Worth the money!	If you are looking for a budget ucbc hub, this is the perfect option. Works seamlessly without any problems.
Bang for buck	Look really cheap like is going to break any moment I had some issues plugging an extra monitor to my laptop.
How does it work?	I liked the product.It worked well when using my phone as a computer.
Add Plug and Play Functionality to Your iPad Pro	The material is good quality and smooth. The adaptor is very light, compact and with great utility for portability. I gave 4 Stars on Overall Rating because there is no USB-Type C port on it and there is space enough for it. I considered in the case of most laptops with only 2 USB-Type C ports (e.g. MacBooks 13") it will detriment a lot the performance of work or usability of the laptop if there is no extra Type C port because maybe the second one is being used for charging. So like using flash drives and SD cards would be necessary to remove the entire adaptor to connect anything else that is Type C in that port. At the moment every new device is being designed and builded to connect with USB-Type C so it becomes more necessary to keep that Type C port available, besides the price is kind of fair for it to have it included. In general I have been using on my MacBook Pro 15" (4 USB-Type C ports) and has work like a charm but I have two external HDs, Cameras and other devices Type C and more than a few times the situation happened to me with 3 ports to use and one to charge (see picture below), so having only 2 would be more evident the lacking of that port in the adaptor. Finally the HDMI port is also a great addition to presentations and extending the amount of displays to work with. Hope it helps others.
Convenient	This product met  my practical business connectivity challenges
Reliable product	I bought this device to use it with my new MacBook and it s very useful due to the lack of USB 3.0 on the new MacBook and most of usb dongle or external hard drive need it , anyway very satisfied in quality and use . recommend to anyone who need it.
Love it	Works as it should, great product.
Connecting the old with the new made easy	This adapter works perfectly.  It’s used with a MacBook Pro and Wacom tablet among other things, and has no issues. We are replacing a more expensive adapter that had connectivity issues and this is a dream comparatively.  Color is great, portability is perfect, no issues at all!
Makes your Macbook useful	The unit was a well put together item at a cheap price, I have used this for a week now and have enjoyed using it. The only downside is the fact it is somewhat annoying with how much space it takes up, but that will be with most of these types of products.
Great product.	I love the portability of this device. Never fails and it very sturdy overall. Would highly recommend!
Very solid build and portable for the price.	The USB c multiport adapter worked right out of the box. I have a ultrabook with no usb ports so I wasn’t able to use my mouse or microphone at the same time. Once I received this adapter I plugged both mouse and mic and they work at the same time. Such a relief. 100% recommend because it does what it is meant to. Just plug in and get to it.
Works great and easy to use	The material seems sturdy and it is very stylish compared to other ones. I have not tested ALL the ports yet but i hope they work when I do. I will update later if it stays reliable in the coming weeks.
Compact but offers a lot!	Adapter looks great and has the perfect number of slots. It has 3 USB slots, HDMI, SD Card, and Micro SD card. The finish on the adapter perfectly matches the "space gray" color on the Macbook Pro. Functionality is great!
light weight and easy	Seems to be well made, so far works as described
love it	My MacBook doesn't have an HDMI, USB, SD, or TF ports, and this bar provides them all.  I really appreciate the fact that it has 3 USB ports so that I can have multiple devices connected at once.  If I had to change anything it would only be that it doesn't mount flat to my laptop.
Just what my laptop needed	I currently own the Dell XPS and the adapter was an awesome purchase. All ports are came working. The design is compact and slim, so it is easy to carry around as well. Owning a camera, I wanted to use the microSD card reader to import pictures, and it works just fine. Overall a great purchase and highly recommended to customers looking for an affordable and durable product!
Makes my laptop more useable	Just what I needed an 1/4 of the price of other similar products. Thanks!
Good product	This product really helps to connect my iPad Pro to any device needed. Recommended !
Perfect one!	Best one yet for Mac!!
Very functional - great design, super lightweight- works great!	Nice/useful assortment of ports, is lightweight, with modern design. Bought this for my Asus Zenbook due to its # and type of ports, design, and minimal weight.  Works great!
Easy to use and good quality	Perfect size and lightweight for traveling.  Just the right number and style of connections for my needs.  The LED power light, finish and smooth edges are all big plusses.  A great product for a good price!  Would highly recommend.
All in one	the item will not work with any of my item here at home they need to make sure the item is compatable with other items
Exactly what I needed	Works as expected. Plug and Play!
great choice	The color matches well with my MacBook Pro.Functions perfectly.
Great value. Works real well.	The color matches my Macbook, the quality seems sturdy so far, and it's very practical and portable!
Convenient all-in-one Hub!	The item is exactly as described.
Just as described; better than expected	This product worked perfectly with my 27” Samsung Curved monitor and my MacBook Pro. I used this hub to plug in my monitor and a wireless keyboard & mouse. Now, whenever I need to use my MacBook with a monitor and keyboard, I just plug in one cable, and my laptop becomes a desktop. Basically, it woks for me as a docking station. Very happy with the results.
Convienient	USB Type -C Hub Pro. really helped me for the usage for my Macbook pro. I am really happy with this product
Good purchase	Great product and great price.
Very compact	Got broken after 3 months. I am not sure why this has a high review ratings.
Excellent Multi-@ort Adapter for All My Electronics While I Travel	Customer service was great. The first one I ordered broke within the first month. Customer service sent out a replacement even before the broken hub was returned. The new one has had no issues so far. Works good.
Works great with everything but my iPad	The device was simple, compact and lightweight.  The only issue that I had was that it only worked while connected to the power cord.  I need a device that could be disconnected from the power, but still be connected to my monitors.
Would buy again!	Type c plug in won’t fit my pc usb hub.
Easy to use!	I love this product.  The best!  I can use my old devices with USB with my new computers, check video cards, etc. with no problem.  It saved my life!
Good product	The build quality is very good and very sturdy! It works very well and is very simple to use!
Solid product	Works well. I’ve used all three USB ports at the same time, no issues. HDMI is a plus that a lot of these converters don’t have. Good metal material.
Great Product	Works great, good price for a very handy item
Small and portable but sturdy	Works great for my iPad Pro - transferred gigs of data quickly
exactly what I was looking for	This is a great adapter for a MacBook Air.  I bought this for my daughter's new MacBook Air and it works great.  It gives her the versatility to use other devices or plugs.
Satisfied with product	I might have liked a longer cable , but I'm satisfied with it. It does what I want it to do.
Good quality for the price	Does all the things in high def, happy with my purchase.
Works as advertised with a much cooler temperature	I was unaware that I would need additional adapter to connect my iPhone 10. I contacted the company and they have made all things right. I can now use this with my iPhone XR
Does a good job	Works as expected and is a wonderful product!
Works perfectly	Very useful and accesible
Works preety good	Awesome color, very satisfied with the design and usability, incredibly light, and easy to carry. overall very happy with the product
It works fine for the money	The dongle works fine for the price.  HDMI seems to use battery relatively quickly.  Other than that it is worth it.
The multiport adaptor works	I recently had to replace my old macbook pro with a new one with touch bars, and with only usb-c port, and it felt like all the sudden, all my devices lost access to my labtop. So I bought this, and it's really helpful! It has about the right amount and type of ports, not too much so you need to carry a lot, not too little that you have to buy another one. Quality is great, and the color looks great with my laptop too. Love!
Works like a charm	Haven’t used it fully loaded, but often for an hdmi wireless transmitter that also needs 2x usb for power. Works great.
High Quality for a great price.	Good product
Adds needed functionality for the MacBook pro	Good product. Works fine on my new Mac Book Pro.Very helpful since there is no any USB port on my laptop.
Great sleek and sturdy semi-compact product.  * 4.5/5 *	Works just as advertised.  Using it with my Chromebook. The only problem is when flipping upside down and plugging in gives connection issues and will not work. Works perfectly when plugged in right side up but gives issues otherwise.Also, wish it had a charging port, otherwise it is great!
Great quality great buy	This is great. Lightweight. Works great.
Recommend	I really enjoy the variety of the ports available. Great product for the price. I would highly recommend!
Works GREAT!	Absolutely love it, so useful with my tablet-laptop. Great quality, everything works perfect. Love the design of it too.
Matches space gray looks and works well	Worth a buy. Good for traveling especially
Works like a charm!	USB HUB is very well put together works very well with my iPad and MAC. Completely satisfied
A++	I got this product to expand connectivity on my Lenovo Flex Laptop. It worked immediately and with no issues. It is a stylish design that compliments the design of my Laptop because of its metal construction, colour, and slim lines. I am very happy with it.
Very compact and efficient	I was very surprised at the product quality at this price. The hub is well-built and is much smaller than I imagined. If you are looking for something easy to carry with, this is the one for you. It includes three usb-c ports, one SD, one micro-SD and one 4K-HDMI, pretty much everything that I need for daily use.  It works well with my chromebook and cellphone.
Material	To be honest i was surprised that the item was shipped to Egypt this fast! and the product is amazing quality!!
Very compact and useful.	Such a great product! Love it!
Feels like quality	The HDMI port works well and the color of the Hub matches my Macbook. I would recommend this product.
Great	Great product to attach to Mac air.  Would recommend.
Necessity for Apple Laptops	Works great, exactly what I needed. Light & portable. Fast shipping.
Everything I need and more	Works perfectly.  Would recommend to anyone.
light weight and easy	Allows me to get so much more done!
Works like a charm	This product did everything I was hoping it would/
Superior product and service	I was initially going to order a different one with more ports for $80, then I thought to myself do I really need the extra ports? So I went to my office and counted how many I needed which were only 3 USB ports (Wireless Mouse, External Bose Speakers, and one for the Canon Printer). This was only $25 bucks, so I saved $55 by not getting the other one which had like 11 unnecessary ports.This one is also small and compact, so if you were traveling somewhere this wouldn't take up too much of your luggage space. It's also got a white LED light that indicates its functioning.Thanks for the quality product FlePow, I'm impressed and do recommend this to anyone!
Very portable!	I really like this product. It was well worth my money. I just purchased my first Mac computer so I had to adjust to not having a USB slot, HDMI port, and SD card port. Once I got this USB Multiport adapter it was great. It is compatible with my computer.
Great Product	This was purchased to used on our Microsoft Surface Pro and it has really helped by giving up more port options. We take it with us when we travel so we never miss out on anything we need to get done. Highly recommend.
Use With 2019 MacBook Pro and it’s Worth The Money	I bought this in order to transfer my videos and pictures from my camera. It helps me transfer my videos easily into Final Cut Pro and adobe premier. Really great and good quality. I would highly recommend this to anyone who has a Mac book and needs to transfer videos or pictures from your camera or even just to have multiple devices plugged in.
Love it	I have had this for a few months for a Surface Pro 7.  Does exactly what it is supposed to do and works great.  Nice and compact fits to travel with.
Works perfectly	I purchased this hub because I needed to be able to attach several hard drives, mouse and my monitor to my computer (MacBook Pro). I had previously purchased a single adapter to connect my monitor to my computer but that didn't work well and kept disconnecting. So, I decided to change it up and get a hub. This 7 in 1 hub has performed perfectly, allowing for me to easily plug my monitor (via HDMI) and connect my other things easily in to computer without any random interruption. I would highly recommend this hub for your office or for travel (I take with me on every business trip..you can never be too prepared). Lastly, there is a SD card slot that I didn't even think about but found it very useful because it works perfectly with my SD card for my camera.
Works well	A very nice product! Have been using it for the past 10 days and it works great!
Simple but effective!	works as it should. Just buy it already. No issues.
great quality	Awesome. Does everything you would expect it to do.
It has all the connections I was looking for	this product is exactly what I needed. possibly the best and most affordable way to access all the essential needs - USB-3, HDMI, SD/MicroSD, etc. - through one small, incredibly portable adapter.Also, the seller was incredibly helpful in assisting me with an issue I had and they were quick to get the problem resolved. thank you!
Slim and sturdy	Excellent
Love it so far!	Awesome product! I’ve had this adapter port for over a month and it still works great. The multiple USB ports is really helpful when I need to charge my phone and want to plug in a mouse or an extra speaker. The compact size is great for travel, and I appreciate the added HDMI port! I use an Apple MacBook Air and the laptop only has USB-C ports and a headphone port. This adapter port makes it easy to use all of my devices together. Highly recommended
As described, good quality	Works very well with my MacBook and allows me to utilize all of my USB devices.  Yay!
Good Quality	Super fast shipping. Item just as described. Item looks and feels like it’s built to last.
My first time to give a review on Amazon	I love it! Having the ability to have all these ports makes my job a lot easier and I can still charge my laptop as it only takes up one UCB port. It works about 95% of the time. Sometimes some of the USB ports don't work well (i.e. wireless mouse laggy or phone not being able to connect) but after a few tries, it works great!
Great USB C Hub	Very functional variety of ports. Great as a traveling accessories, use it to show your photos and videos on large displays using the HDMI out. Plug in USB devices.  I use it primarily on my phone it also work on newer laptops that only have one USB type-c ports on them.
Does a good job	The USB ports kinda work. The connection with my mouse is pretty terrible. The keyboard is a little better. The card reader worked the best, but that is also the feature I use the least. Would not buy again.
5 Star product	Just hook it to my pc and works as expected.
need longer flexible cord	A slender and sleek Style provides multi adapter options.
Just what my laptop needed	Love this USB Hub!  Works very well and provides all the extra needed ports.  I travel quite frequently and it's compact size makes it easy to throw into my laptop bag without taking much room.  I've had it for about six months and have not had any issues.  Great price and arrived the next day!
Connecting the old with the new made easy	When you use the product for your phone, you can't charge it. Every time the cable wiggles, it looses it's connection to my phone for a second or two, and reconnects. I use this product so I can connect a mouse and keyboard, and it's really annoying to see my WiRED keyboard n mouse loose connection because I feather tapped the product and made it move a centimeter or two.Overall, it's weak product to me. Not satisfied but I'll still use it to get what I need to done. At least it works (:
Nice addition !	I love this little piece, it has really helped because there's literally none of these plug-ins on my new MacBook Air!! My fav is the fact that I can plug my camera memory card into my computer now!!
Yes yes yes! A MUST buy for any new Mac users!	As most new individuals to the MacBook, I needed a USB adapter. This is a solid unit and works plug-and-play without any hassle.**However, there is some kind of interference with wireless mouse connectors. When using the HDMI plug, my wireless mouse has problems. I bought an 8$ wired mouse and problem solved. If you don't dual-screen with the HDMI, then it shouldn't be an issue.
Feels like quality	Perfect for my needs
Finally a USBc hub that works with the iPad Pro.	I purchased this item for use with my Macbook Pro...because that device is seriously deficient in ports.  This enabled me to use a monitor, mouse and keyboard while at my desktop.  Very reliable too!
What I was looking for!!	Good overall hub for the MacBook Pro.It’s cost effective too.
This  USB hub is great!	Pretty cool tool to have.
Solid product	We are very pleased with this USB hub.  It works very well with our Macbook and our HP Laptop.  It's lightweight but feels very solid.
Makes my laptop more useable	This little, nearly weightless attachment is exactly what I need and more
Does the job	All parts work and it does work on my 2018 iPad pro.  :)
Best bang for your buck!	Works well with multiple devices. USB ports are somewhat difficult to plug in, but its minor. When using with a laptop, its a bit cumbersome to have hanging off the side of the computer, but new laptops don't have enough ports anymore!
Solid product	This came in handy and works like a charm.
Good USB-C hub to connect a 2nd display on Macbook Pro	Plug and play! I've been using this to connect to HDMI displays for the past few months and it works perfectly. Excellent value, definitely recommend.
Everything I need and more	This works great and is made very well. All ports were tested and worked as expected.
Great!	It does everything it promises and more!
Good Adapter	Very high quality materials and construction.  Great to have three USB 3.0, SD card, and 4K HDMI output slots.  Will surely take it with me on my next trip.
High Quality, Compact Package	Does not have a spot to plug your charger in, in addition to the other plugsHowever, customer service is great, they really help. The product is great, just know you cant charge your macbook while using it
product was ok	Great product for the price!
a very necessary product	Love this as my laptop does not have any hdmi or usb ports.  So sleek, lightweight and easy to travel with!
Great quality great buy	good
product was ok	Easy to use and works great!
Awesome addition for a Mac Mini	Our company give us a usb-c hub with our laptops. It keeps on disconnecting anything I plug so I bought a replacement kne on my own dime.  This one is perfect.  Sturdy, well built, light, portable and best of all, It works.  It doesn't disconnect my device and I had it plugged in backing up my music.  In short, I recommend this device. I should recommend this to our I.T. as well and replace that junk connector with this one.
Works perfectly. No loss of connection	The noise windows makes when you plug in something to the port/eject will not stop. Connection is not loose. Functions just fine, but just the noise over and over again. I cannot figure out how to stop.Also, if you have a Surface Pro 7 or non Apple laptop, check where your USB C port is - the cord is too short for adapter to lay flat on desk since the port on Pro 7 is on the top right.
Superior product and service	Works well for most items, including hdmi monitor (which is essential). I have a really really old external hard drive. It’s 1Tb and requires all the additional power from the device, and so I’d advise a separate usb c connection for those devices. The wireless keyboard and mouse work well. If the distance is too far from the devices, then my MacBook Pro doesn’t like them, but that’s a software issue, I think.I’m happy that I bought this hub. It works as a docking station for me!
Fast delivery / High quality	Arrived quickly and exactly as described. It's VERY well constructed -- fells solid in your hand -- and is a great way to extend the functionality of my Mac Pro, which has only two usb-c ports. Easy to carry with the computer.
Does the job	I have a mac book with only a usb'c port so this makes it great when I am at home and want to add another monitor.
Micro as direct to ipad	It works. Load micro as directly onto iPad without issue
Good product, but...	Love Love my USB C HUB so glad I found it I keep it with me at all time. It runs my I pad Pro which has it’s own special end and found out it also works for my Grandsons Nintendo switch. My computer and a lot more. I could not leave home without it
Perfect for MacBook pro multitasking	Product is working great and does what is needed.
Awesome!	I use this product for my home and office computers and it is very helpful for using all of my SD cards and flash drives with both computers.
Exactly what you want	Really good compact dongle good for travel.
Perfect one!	Must have for MacBook
Does a good job	Works great. Was just what I was looking for.
highly recommend!!	I really liked how tightly the connector fit into the port of my Macbook Pro. The only reason I would take off one star is that I would prefer if the SD card reader were a bit deeper. Only about half of the SD card goes in making it feel a bit insecure and prone to fall out if moving around a lot.
great addition to my MacBook Pro	This pretty much does the job but doesn't work with devices that are computer powered, like an external disc drive. If you don't need that, you'll be happy with this.
Solid Build Fair Price	I enjoy that this is a lot sturdier than my previous adapter. My other one would wobble a little bit, disconnect, improperly eject my external hard drive, then corrupt my disk. THIS ONE however is PERFECT! It is easy to carry around, has all the ports that I need, and comes even at a better price than similar items.
Cell use	I liked the purchase. Didn't face any issues and works properly. Looks well with my new Macbook pro
love it	Haven't had any issues with it. has multiple ports. great product
Great product	Great product to carry around.
Convenient all-in-one Hub!	I bought this for my son soccer tournament trips. He loves it covers all connection he needs while he is travelling.
Works	This product functions swimmingly even with all ports occupied. I couldn't ask for more.
Working really well!	This is a great product. I plugged in usb devices and they worked instantly (keyboard, mouse, video webcam, printer). All worked instantly. And I was surprised when the HDMI connector worked with my monitor with no installation required. Good price too. Buy it and you will be happy. Only limitation is no audio 3.5 connector. Love it.
Works Well	Great little gadget. Compact and does the job. I use it mainly on my Mac to keep my phone charged.
Great!	This adapter has been a lifesaver for me in transferring my photos to my new MacBook Pro. I am a photographer so it is super important to have a reliable adaptor to use. I would definitely buy this product again and recommend it to other photographers!
Very convenient to coral everything in one place	Loved that it had multiple USB c port and the hdmi. Used it to connect my laptop (only has 1 USB C and normal USB port) to an extended computer monitor (hdmi), my phone charger and mouse usb. Easy set up. No rocket science degree needed. Stable.
Great Quality	Love the fact that it has so many ports for all my devices
Works grate	Checked all the ports and socket. The hub is solid so I can't say anything but positive. Great miniport adapter and the price is hard to beat. 5/5
Just About Perfect	Ever since Macbook released it's version with only USB C ports this dock has come in very handy. It's very portable, light, and reliable. We've bought a ton of these for our employees too, never once have I heard of a problem, nor have we had to order a replacement. Highly recommend this product.
The device works as promised	This product has a good build and work very well. I love that it is made out of the same material and is the exact same color as the space grey MacBook Pro.
it just works great	it works with MacBook Pro 2019 & HP EliteDisplay E233 23-Inch monitor. The video quality is exceptional. The only thing is that it lacks the USB C power delivery capability. If that is also what you are looking for, you probably need to choose a different device.
Small and light enough to easily keep in your bag at all times	Runs a little hot, but video, USB, and SD reading functions all perform consistently. Solid purchase for the price.
Does a good job	Worked great and very helpful for my project!
Great product	VERY GOOD FOR PRICE!!! easy to use good quality ;)
useful	Added this to our Mac mini that is used for video conferencing to allow guests to add USB connections and allow guests to plug in memory cards. So far so good.
Love it!	This product does exactly what it says it will. It is not ugly or hard to use. It is also an incredibly boring product, but I did not need an exciting USB splitter, I needed normal ports on my MacBook Air, as Apple saw fit to provide basically no ports! Now I have many, thanks to this adequate product that I have given 5 stars because it is exactly as advertised.
it just works great	I ordered this product since I recently purchased a new apple air laptop. I needed this product in order to have USB or HDMI hook-ups with my laptop. I have had no issues with compatibility. It has been beneficial for all of my uses! I would recommend this product for anybody needing a USB C multiport adapter.
Does a good job	Decent quality, and all the ports work great.
This works really well!	I enjoyed the build quality
As advertised!	This product worked out great for me. The quality is good and the product is easy to use. Highly recommend.
Small, practical, and convenient	Worked like a charm... connected right away and all the ports are perfect.  Great bang for your buck!
Works great!	Product looks great and size is perfect to carry with my iPad Pro
Works as described	Great for the price
A great hub	I got an HP Spectre. Great laptop/tablet computer, very thin but only has 2 USB-C ports (that are very close so an adapter USB C to USB often too wide to plug 2 of them side by side) and nothing else. I wanted a hub to connect my monitor (HDMI), a wireless mouse and a keyboard. This was perfect. It is very compact (super light and easy to pack, carry etc) has a connector long enough so that I never struggled plugging cords into it and in seconds my entire system became connected for home use. Once done easy to fold and move with it. Looks slick and good material. I recommend it.
Love it	Work Excellent for my MacBook Pro!
A great hub	I bought a Mac Laptop, not realizing that it didn't have regular usb ports or sd card slots. It was a frustrating having to find a device that would work for both without finding a bunch of different devices. Somehow this item popped up and I figured I would give it a try. When you use it, make sure you hit eject before unplugging it. You can plug in regular 3usb drives  and also put an sd card in all at once. The cord isn't very long, I wish it was longer. But it's long enough that it can be out of the way. If I need another, I might buy this one again.
Nice design!	This is great. I was skeptical at first but it turned out to be just what I wanted. Easy set up, easy use
Great quality!!	This product is amazing, well built, and convenient. I think it is a must have when it comes to having a MacBook with the need to use USB. I definitely recommend you buy one.
Great product for use when traveling.	I absolutely love it. It’s very portable. I like how the color matches my space grey Macbook. It seems to be working well. I will update after some time. But I do recommend it. I like that it was very affordable as well. It works with 2019 Macbooks just if anyone wants to know.
Does a good job	Product is well designed and functions well, allowing us to connect USB devices, connect to HDMI external monitor and read memory cards.  Great product for the price.
Good	Easy to use. I use this for a flash drive on a macbook. Works just as it should!
Good, product, great buying experience	it's a nice hub. though the usb ports are a little bit slow for large file manipulation, it is a well-built product. i would recommend.
High quality hub	The multipart adapter is a great addition to my MacBook Pro! Simple to use, just like it should be!
Works perfectly	This usb hub is perfect for what I need. It’s compact and the cord is not flimsy. I couldn’t be happier
Exactly what I needed for my Mac	This device has not failed on me yet and is very reliable when traveling around. The best part is the HDMI port and saves me so much time when it comes to plugging in ports as a photographer this is great!
convenient	This device exceeded my expectations.
Longevity of item very very short	I thought it would be a lot biggger but it was great overall. The  material is not the best, but it will do the job. The USB cable that connects to your computer is a bit short but it will do the job. I like that it doesn';t lift too much or move around. I was able t o connect the HDMI cord that is included to my monitor. Also connected my keyboard and iPhone charger. Very practible.
it just works great	It works great for me! Using it with MacBook 2018!
Great USB C Hub	The USB-C hub I had before, which looks almost exactly the same, has an overheating problem. This product perfectly solves the problem.
Very functional - great design, super lightweight- works great!	It was helpful to transfer information from my usb flash drive to my apple computer.It has lots of interfaces, so we look forward to using it for many more items.
Great!	The unit had great functionality for me, but stopped working after a few months.  The seller was very responsive and gave me the choice of a refund or replacement, which was issued immediately.
Good product	Flexible, reasonably priced, does what it's supposed to.
Very high quality!	Replaced a flaky older HP doc that came with my laptop. Although I have to plug in power and USB-C separately, the multi-port support for HDMI as well as USB-A (3.0) and SD/micro-SD make this very flexible. Also great for portability given the form-factor and nice build quality
Use With 2019 MacBook Pro and it’s Worth The Money	I wanted to add a extra monitor and USB ports to my work pc. Product came fast and was better than what I expected. So far product is going strong I recommend others to purchase this item.
Everything I need and more	Great product. Very useful to have balance with all attachments in one.
Wireless Mouse Freezes	I find I run out to SSD storage in my MacBook.  Using this dongle, I now keep my Photos library, lesser used apps and other storage eating files on an SD card in the dongle.  Also, it is essential to be able to use your USB devices in Thunderbolt slots.
Better Than Paying $90 For A Dongle!	Purchased this Adaptor after I bought a new Mac Book Pro. This little all in one piece of equipment is really  made well. I absulutley Love that I can throw in with my laptop. Allows me to pop in SD card, TF card HDMI, USB. This is one of those little tools that make life so much easer.
Reliable product	Great product. Durable. Perfect if you have a google chrome book.  Works great.
Satisfied with product	After a few months of using it it completely broke and none of the ports worked
It has all the connections I was looking for	While there are many types of adapters this one seemed to fit my needs the best.  3 USB ports is plenty, an adapter for HDMI means anything can go to the TV and SD flash fits most of my camera needs.  The unit itself is small, sleek and robust.  It will stay with the laptop either at home or on the road.
Great product!	wonderful customer service and wonderful product
Works as intended for a great price!	Good materials
highly recommend!!	Mostly, it does all I need it to do. It seems, though, that if I'm trying to charge my cell phone (it's plugged into this dongle, ) the charge goes very slowly. But, otherwise, everything goes fine.
Great sleek and sturdy semi-compact product.  * 4.5/5 *	This USB c Hub is a lifesaver!  I recently purchased an iPad Pro, I had always had a windows based computer si I had usb and thumb drives.... this hub has saved me from losing all my data.  It is lightweight yet sturdy and adapts perfectly with my 2018 MacBook Pro!!  The hub arrived quickly and adapts easily with all of my media sources!!  I highly recommend this product!
love it	this is the most cost effective and good product
High Quality, Compact Package	Overall it was solid for its price. Its the perfect weight and size for traveling. Wrapping with a rubber band keeps it compact and doesn't seem too susceptible to damage so far (been a week now). Definitely best bang for buck
Allows eternal connection to your usb c computers	Muy bueno porque no ocupa espacio en mi cartera
Plug and Play	Works great! Good size and easy to use. Outer shell is very durable!
Good Product	All ports work great so far, very light weight, just wish there was a longer coord.
Very good, not perfect	This product was an "Amazon's Choice" and it came very highly rated in it's reviews.  I purchased it do to my newest laptop not having a USB port to plug in accessories that I often used such as charging a cell phone.  However, I've not had a lot of success with my product.  I can plug something in and it will charge for a bit and then quit charging.  Sometimes it doesn't appear to work at all even after I've tried the multiple ports on it as well as my computer.  I'm really disappointed in this product and it's too late for refund now.
As described, good quality	The product size is ideal and it’s usabilities are essential for everyone who owns a macbook. I really like it!
Great product for use when traveling.	I was looking for a well made, compact hub for my MacBook Pro.  This product checks off all the boxes.  It looks and feels solid and has three USB ports along with slots for SD and micro SD cards.  In addition, it's lightweight and compact in case I want to take it on the road.
Micro as direct to ipad	It works well. Perfect for office use, especially if you prefer to use a mouse as well as prefer to charge your phone next to you. This is a good choice.
Use With 2019 MacBook Pro and it’s Worth The Money	Four score and seven years ago a naive me bought a USB mouse thinking I could use it in any computer. Little did naive me know that macbook wouldn't have USB! After crying for 40 days and 40 nights I stumbled upon this USB C HUB. I ordered it before my conscious brain could comprehend this product. With QUICK shipping, I received it in my mailbox and immediately unboxed it. I plugged it into my Mac and low and behold I was finally able to use my USB mouse. This product is a godsend.
Great product for use when traveling.	The quality looks good and very convenient to carry out
Necessity for Apple Laptops	i like much
Works	This improved the versatility of our new MacBook Pro by adding much needed ports.  Especially like the HDMI connectivity.
Nice design!	Perfecto este dispositivo para aumentar los puertos de portátiles con conector C. Liviano y muy portable.
DURABLE	I need to use various memo card and USB for work and it helped me to keep them in one...fits perfectly..so far worked well.
All in one	With this plugged in my bluetooth 100% stops working. So. Renders half of my functionality useless. Will be returning.
Love it so far!	This USB C Adapter is way better than I expected! All of the ports work! Not only is it very convenient, but it is very lightweight and thin so it is easy to bring along for traveling. A little plus that I did not even notice until it arrived was that the color of it matches the Space Gray of my macbook pro perfectly :) Yay for aesthetics haha. This is the perfect adapter for your macbook pro, highly recommend!!
a very necessary product	Allows the single port on my Surface Pro 7 to be more versatile. No issues with connectivity.
Convienient	The product is very compact and functional. Built materials are of high quality. Overall works fine for me.
Great USB-C Multi-Port Adapter for Mac	So, Windows 10 can't recognize it, won't install drivers, and I have very limited functionality.Tried Amazon support, didn't help, and the company/seller has been zero help
Highly recommend	Works really well with dell xps 13
My first time to give a review on Amazon	Yeah. you have to get used to using these dongles if you have a macbook pro or something similar. This thing worksl for what it's intended to do. Plenty of usb and the sd slot. The hdmi slot works well, but Id guess something else would have better quality if you are concerned about that. Its built well, been holding up nicely
Great expansion options for your USB C device	Excellent resource for my Mac Pro, made my life easy
Great product!	This USB hub arrived on time, excellent packaging, I use the box to storage it when I take it to work on my backpack. The product works perfectly no issues and is the best addition to my laptop which has only one USB ports. Now I’m able to connect both my mouse and a card reader I need to use for work.
What I was looking for!!	Works great and I love that it has multiple usb ports.
Very Great	I love the product. Light weight and seems very durable.
Highly recommend	The adapter was packaged well and works exactly as advertised.
Great Value	So far this product seems to be doing what it has advertised. I picked this model due to the fact that the cord allows for the MacBook case to work with the extension.
It works	Wanted this for meetings to connect my Spectre x360 via HDMI, as well as to expand the number of USB ports available when I was using a wireless mouse. Fit my needs perfectly. It was also a nice bonus how portable it is. Fits nicely in a small pouch I use to carry my mouse and stylus.
Good Product	Gets the job done.
Great for adding a second external HDMI monitor and more USB ports to a laptop	Like what??? The box it came in was not sealed and this item definitely looks used. More than used... the shape this adapter is in looks like the raccoon that hangs out in my backyard got a hold of it. I doubt this damage was caused during the delivery process as the box is not too beaten up and my other items that came with it are fine. What an absolute joke...
One of the best out there	I purchased this adapter for my new work Mac Book Pro after misplacing the one my work gave me.  This one was far cheaper than the Apple version and works perfectly for hooking up my phone to download picks and connecting to my TV.  Great price and a great product.
Good for Surface Go	I like that this is compatible with the Surface Go. You can use an SD card and a micro SD. The multiple ports are useful especially because we use an external USB mouse.
Works perfectly	Great product, work well.
It does the job!	Great product to be honest
Worst device	Serves purpose well.  Great for travel
Allows eternal connection to your usb c computers	So far so good. I am using this hub for Bluetooth connection for mice and keyboards to my iPad
High Quality, Compact Package	Great for multiple workstation dongle. I no longer have to think about how many ports, everything I need in one place. Especially love for photo editing.
Very Useful Device	connects solidly to a late 2019 version of Dell XPS 13.  USB and HDMI ports work.  Good looking construction.  little light is on when it is plugged in, even when computer turned off.  Only downside to this design is that it is attached by the little cord.  I do wish someone had a design that closely hugged the body of the XPS 13.
Feels like quality	Its lightweight and functional. It easy ti use. i like the design slim and can be carried everywhere.
Small and portable	Just got it and it works great so far, haven’t had an issues
great product	This USB is all-inclusive for my laptop. I love it.
convenient	Liked it for its size and weight. Used for printing from my mac to my printer.
Good for travel	This is a great USB C hub to have in your laptop bag. I had a similarly designed hub from another manufacturer (with 2 USB ports) but found that it got really hot, especially when using the HDMI port. This one did not get as hot. The SD card readers are fast, and having 3 USB ports allows me to connect all of my devices at once. It has solid construction and a nice feel in your hand.
product was ok	Great product!
Does the Job	Very good product , all ports work as expected. No complaints whatsoever
USB C 7 in 1 hub.	Nice USB c hub. Has multiple ports yet small enough to be tucked into a purse, lap top case or luggage easily. All ports work great. Silver color nice too.
USB C Hub Multiport Adapter - 7 in 1 Portable Space Aluminum Dongle	I had to go through a few bad companies that broke after a month to find this one and I love it. This is something I use every day and love it.
Just About Perfect	I received this as a gift and it is just what I needed! It’s sturdy and great quality and can charge all our devices at once. Will definitely recommend this dock.
Love it	Everything I need since my mac only has 2 usb c ports. Highly Recommend!
Great product!	This usb c adapter is amazing. Very portable and extremely fast read times. Would definitely recommend to anyone. Also very lightweight.
The device works as promised	excellent product
This is the one to get	Perfect size. I’ve been using it for a couplemonths and it works great.
Works	Works great.
Exactly what I needed all-in-one	I bought I MacBook Pro and it doesn't have any usb outputs so I needed an adapter and this one was perfect. I can just stick it in my backpack with my laptop so I can use it any time.
This is amazing for MacBook Pro !!	It would've been a fantastic product due to the various elements you can plug in to it. It just was not compatible with my device, unfortunately. All in all, make sure it is compatible with your phone before purchasing.
Gets the job done	This worked great with my MacBook Pro.
Metal body, good value	This is the perfect accessory for my Macbook Pro. I am able to plug in all my various media cards. Quality product and matches the macbook.
Seems durable	Good product works just as well as other hubs for iPad Pro
Awesome, works great!	I bought this to replace a similar adapter. The first on had two usb-c prongs, so it blocked the two on the side of my computer. Eventually, that one broke. This one is WAY better, I wish I had bought it first! It has a little cord, and only plugs into one usb-c port. This means there's a lot less stress on the ports, and it is less likely to break. I use it about half and half for the hdmi input and the regular usb input. Both work well, I can upload bike rides from my old gps computer, and I can plug my computer into my tv super fast and easy to watch shows online. I'd recommend this product to anyone needing it for those uses.
The device works as promised	My main purpose for buying this was its HDMI port. It works without issues. Also, a reasonable price for a multiport adapter. No regret buying this product!
Great Product! Very Compatible and reliable	You dont know how much you need it till you have it! Use it to display presentations from my tablet to television, to transfer multiple usb drives on to one drive, to transfer pictures from my camera to my phone instantly, and much much more!
Great product	This USB-C hub for my 2019 MacBook Air works great. It is an essential item, since the MacBooks only have two USB-C ports. I have used this device to connect all of my peripherals when I need them.
This is the perfect adapter for any MacBook user.	Fits perfect my Mac Pro with C drive
DURABLE	Works well when paired with the note 9 to make a portable PC... also as a stand alone hub worked great... showed to a few friends they too were impressed and are intent on purchasing for themselves... value for your money well spent
Work perfectly	Was delivered earlier then expected!
Does a good job	This is the first time I've bought one of these and it works as expected. I wanted the card reader because I have a camera that I use an SD card with. This was for my MacBook Air.
I love it	The USB Type C connector and cable is sturdy.  The 3 USBs 3.0 are handy as is the SD Card input.  (I'm not sure what exactly the smaller one is).  it does everything I wanted to do.
Solid Build Fair Price	This USB Hub seems to be built well and functions as it should.  The price is fair for a hub that delivers on performance.  I would purchase this again.
Works GREAT!	Serves it's purpose.  I have a hard case on my Surface Go.  The port is part of the Surface itself and not the keyboard.  There is not enough cable for the device to sit flat once connected if I'm working with my tablet at my preferred viewing angle.  Functionality is satisfactory.
Good for travel	The new laptops without many ports would not be very useful without these multi adapters. This one is a very basic and inexpensive adapter but is does most of what I need. None of the multi adapters has a mini display adapter no mater haw expensive they are, so this adapter is as useful for me as any adapter and was a lot less expensive.
A simple way to turn a laptop into a full desktop setup	I was looking for a way to expand the inputs of my MacBook due to only having 2 USB C ports. I finally decided on this product and so far I have not been disappointed. The HDMI input is a plus as the majority of the other products I was researching did not have this input. This device is sleek and will not be a hassle when traveling. Overall, I am very satisfied with this purchase and will recommend to whoever needs more ports on their USB C only devices.
Great for adding a second external HDMI monitor and more USB ports to a laptop	Useless. I connected to my monitor. Nothing. Yes , there is nothing.
Great Product! Very Compatible and reliable	I had a different multiport that kept losing connection. This one has no issues whatsoever and makes it so easy to access multiple things at one time without loss of connection or speed. I would definitely recommend this product.
Great purchase	I appreciate the flexibility this gives me in terms of what kinds of accessories I can plug into my laptop now.
Awesome adapter...	My computer only has USBC ports, and having this little hub is really helpful for when I need to hook up my computer to a screen for presentation, or using a wireless mouse. I have been using it for a couple of months now and so far so good!
Está  muy  bueno	Very sleek and lightweight ! Gets the job done ! 10/10 !
Great product	I have been using it consistently for several months with no issues.
It works !	Small perfect for travel. Easy to use. 7 in 1 makes it extremely diverse and able to have all the connectors in one. Great quality for price!
Full Featured Device	Excellent product feels and looks durable combined with all needed adapters built into one.
Excellent product.	good product
Simple but effective!	I was having trouble with my USB hub messing up the wi-fi signal for my Mac Mini. This USB hub doesn't seem to cause any trouble if it is placed to the side of the computer. I even bought another one (which hopefully won't interfere either). Thank you!
Works like a charm!	Good looking, nice build quality and small size.
As described, good quality	Malfunctioned after four months of using. Can connect to SD cards and HDMI ports, but will not power external DVD/hard drives. Not impressed.
It has all the connections I was looking for	I bought this so that I could download pictures from our SLR to Ipad via card.  Also with all the different kind of hook ups that are always changing I needed something that would travel with us and not take up space.  This works good for what I wanted it for.Delivery was very fast.
Good product, but...	Good design, good quality, fits the description.However, in use, an incoming USB C port is missing to connect a charger and an outgoing USB C port to connect a device.I keep this hub but I had to quickly find another more complete one.
Great	Been using this every day for a mobile setup with a MacBook Pro. Every day we plug in multiple flash drives and a HDMI monitor to the MacBook and this hub has worked perfectly every time with zero issues.
Necessity for Apple Laptops	Exactly what I was looking for and at a good price. I just plugged it in and started using. Quick delivery and packaged perfectly.
Great quality and value.	Works well. I have my monitor plugged in via the HDMI slot, and two USB dongles for a keyboard and mouse, and they all work great. Easy to connect/disconnect when I pack up for or return from travel.
Looks good	Good
Good	It works for my usb drive and also mouse dongle, but it doesnt work with external hard drive I have. I think you need to get a converter for the external hard drive to plug them into USB c ports
Good Adapter	It did everything that I wanted it too. I have never had any problems with it. It's not too big, and bulky either. Good quality.
Exactly what you want	Good
Why i like this product?	Exactly what I needed for my 2019 Macbook Pro. I can plug in a USB microphone, plug-n-play XBOX controller and my MIDI keyboard. Perfect!
Works perfectly. No loss of connection	Product works exactly as described.  Much better than the $100 dollar device from Apple that loses its connection. I like the toggle cord so I dont have to remove my cover.
Great product	It matches the space grey MacBook Pro line very well, and works well using it with an HDMI monitor, mouse, keyboard and sd card.
Great Value	I like this usb c hub I basically saved 40 bones because I was going to head into Best Buy and they prices were high. $80 bucks just for this little hub I don’t think so bruh so I went on here and found a great one that works for me and for the podcast
Reliable product	Works great!
Perfect	Great USB C HUB.  It works great and it is very portable.  I would recommend this product.
Works well, but USB response jittery when using in combination with HDMI	This works perfectly! This is so convenient and compact.  I was easily able to connect this to my computer and was able to upload photos fro my phone while having flash drive connected.
Works Great	It works as advertised, however it fits loosely in the USB port and inconveniently falls out very often.
Very compact and useful.	Nice construction and data transfer rates for my new laptop. My go to hub from now on. Hi works great for a small hub and it only needs one thing another usb-c port to charge thru. Wish that I had looked for that, but for the price it’s a good value.
Small and portable but sturdy	I just purchased an Apple laptop recently and ordered a USB C HUB for technical versatility with my laptop. Very easy to use and the the quality of the product is accurate. Perfect for what I needed!
All in one	I like that i can use it to connect my Mac, HP, Dell to any peripheral device I have.Used to spend hours looking for converters,  correct wire.Now all in one place.
Very well constructed and dependable.	Very well constructed and functional.  Has all the outputs that I will need.  After using it, found it to be very dependable.  It was boxed very well and came with adequate documentation.
it's convenience to carry around!!!!!	I would like to give the item 5 stars but you can not change iPad while using it.
Works great and easy to use	have not put in use yet. love how sleek and compact it is. looking forward to put it in use.
Extremely durable. You want these with a hard connect as this product has because it lasts longer.	great hub. compact, sleek design. easy to use. works perfectly with my new dell xps13.
Works for multiple devices	Amazing dongle, with a sleek design. All the ports are located on one side, which makes it easy to connect external devices.
This is the perfect adapter for any MacBook user.	I was researching what device I could use to connect to my Apple computer. After looking on the Apple website, I looked elsewhere for something similar, compatible and reasonably priced. Found this adapter and I so far so good. I've used it several times and has worked amazingly well.
Great product	Works well for what we needed. No issues.
You now have options from a small device. Been searching for*	Wonderful product. Just got to use it for a few different things (uploading images onto a thumb drive and grabbing photos from an SD card) and it worked super well and was very fast. Great product for the MacBook Pro laptop that doesn't have these ports.
Great addition to make iPad Pro more useful	It is a handy accessory with a full range of hub options depending on the purpose for the computer related job.  I do not hesitate to recommend it.
The multiport adaptor works	Exactly what I needed for my new laptop that has only 2 standard USB ports.  I need more USB ports for accessories required on the job.  This adapter is ideal and small - very portable.
Perfect one!	Perfect
Wont work with only Samsung note 9	I purchased this USB-C HUB because I had just purchased a very thin, Lenovo Yoga C930 Laptop.  It had very limited connections because of its thinness and light weight.  This USB-C HUB also very thin, small, lightweight, well constructed, durable, and very inexpensive for all of its features and connections.  It is great for travel.I wish it had USB-C female power connection so it could be used as a docking station.  Unfortunately, my research showed that for that added feature the cost goes up quite a bit.  I am very happy with this HUB and am glad I bought it!
High speed, powered by usb port, and works FINE with 500GB ssd's!	I would have liked a VGA port but I am old fashioned. It meets a basic need for an expansion of a very cheap, very good laptop with only 2 C connections, one for power and one for perhaps a USB and an video extension.The laptop was extremely cheap. It ran $99 over Christmas with a solid state 64 gb and windows 10.We added a 1 TB solid state drive. Brought the unit to around $200 plus tax.The unit is ideal for students.However, I hate the keyboard and the mouse pad on the unit. It is very irritating. So this hub meets a need. Even a wifi keyboard and mouse combination is less baggage and it the unit weighs almost nothing. It is a 12 inch machine. This hub is an ideal addition to that machine. And it works.WE added Ubuntu(Cinnamon Mint) which allowed us to turn off the offending pad. That made the keyboard a lot more comfortable to use. For us older people, windows 10 comes with too many complications and baggage. Apparently a lot of older users feel that way. We turned the additional drive into a ubuntu drive.They should have spent the money and added these features to the laptop. At that price it was affordable.The pad is designed wrong. That is what makes this hub valuable. You can also watch movies from the HDMI connection to a TV with this hub though I haven't got the programming right on that yet. It does not show the command menus on the additional unit. Think you have to have the laptop and the tv on the same display.Windows 7 did not have this baggage. Neither did the older laptops need a hub. Sometimes we need to fire the accountants that destroy the effectiveness of machines. This hub is a good solution for a really cheap laptop.
Great purchase	I used this product for my 2019 MacBook Pro and it worked perfectly. I am very happy with the quality of this product.
Easy to use!	Very good material, exaclty the same as described on Amazon shopping. Comes in a small box very well packed. No installation required, just plug&play
Good product	Works great. It would be better if there is an extra USBc output.
TRASH STAY AWAY	I bought this adapter for my Macbook Pro last June. I have used that for almost one year. This adapter is really useful. Three USB3.0 ports are enough for my daily use, to connect external drive or flash drive. I rarely used SD card reader, as I do not have SD card in hand.HDMI port is really great, with that I can use external 4K monitor. That's a must to me, since my daily work is to write code and analyze data.I would highly recommend it if you are looking for a decent adapter for you Macbook.
Love it	This products works perfectly. Purchased to use with wacom graphic tablet, mouse and external hard drive. Have not used the HDMI port, but plan on using with an external monitor. Only concern with this is the cord. It is a little stiff and not easily bent to curve around laptop or bent to be store more compactly. Time till tell. Review will update if anything changes.
Worth it's price	I was pleasantly surprised how well it works for being so compact.
As advertised!	Product was great. Super friendly to use and versatile to hook up to lots of inputs.
Great product at a great price.	Does what it needs to do for excellent price
Works great and we use it daily it’s been a great thing to have.	This USB-C adaptor is very high quality, made of metal, with a strong flexible cable. Works without any delay and is the All-in-one solution I needed for my Macbook Pro. A little pricey, to be sure, but well worth the cost.
GOOD BUY.	great product and works well. i like that it only uses 1 of your 2 usb c ports and has multiple options to use at once. space gray color/material matches well
Great Value	This adapter is really beautiful and matches my new MacBook Pro Space Gray. On top of this, it is cheap compared to what it offers. I have been searching many times for a reliable adapter and this was my choice after almost an hour crawling Amazon.
Good product	Product seems very sturdy. Haven’t used yet just got it delivered. Will update if I remember.
Delightfully small, elegantly powerful but....	This hub was almost perfectly what I was looking for. Just wish it had a Thunderbolt 2 port so every possible drive/card combo I use could be handled in one port, but that's  just not out there, so I won't hold it against this hub. I've tested this hub out over the last 48 hours and it works as promised. It was just as fast at copying 100 GB from one USB 3.0 hard drive to another on my 2017 MacBook Pro as doing the same task on my original 2015 iMac. And I love that this has an SD memory card slot. For the $, this had the best value of all the hubs I researched and I'm very happy with my purchase. We'll see how it holds up over time.
Worked great with my MacBook Air.	Great product. Good  material and great designed. Easy to travel cause is light weight and small.It works great with my Macbook Air. No complaints
Works perfectly	love the small hub that hooks up to my USB-C port on my PC so I can plug in legacy USB devices.  The instructions say to not use wireless mouse USB so I have that plugged into a separate USB port with an adapter.  I also like that my SD cards plug directly into it.  If you are looking for a USB-C HUB, look no further.  I highly recommend this one.
Works like a charm!	This is a compact addition to my new MacBook Pro that expands my capabilities which was greatly needed.I needed the USB ports the most but am planning on using the other features also.This supplier has a good product for a good price, fast shipping and I will be a return customer for them.
Good adapter	I love this! It makes my life so much easier and fits right in my laptop case.
Love it!	When I bought my MacBook, I was told that USB-C is the future. While this seems to be proving true slowly, it was such a nuisance not being able to plug a flash drive into my computer for a big interview presentation or plug an SD card in from a new camera I purchased. This has helped me tremendously! I love it, it's lightweight and it works great.
Works perfectly. No loss of connection	Purchase was for a Surface Go to add flexibility and on the go expansion. Product works flawlessly and is made of durable materials. Very pleased a d would purchase again.
It really has all the ports	Definitely recommended!!
Just About Perfect	What more could I say , I’ll revisit it in a few months so far no over hearing doesn’t Glitch easy to use  I will do a full review on my youtube this week as well
Good adapter	ProsVery wel made. Feel sturdy.Fast speeds while transferring files.Very smallDoesn't overheat.ConsNone so far.
Looks good	Great
Great purchase	I bought a new MacBook Pro and needed to somehow get all my old usb accessories like drives and such. I bought this device and have everything I need. It’s great to get 3 USB ports from one usb c port.
useful	Reads the sd card good and the quality of the product is good!!
Great for every application	I liked the size of the adapter, fits perfectly into my pencil bag. I am a college student and it’s perfect for any adapter I may need!!
High Quality and Useful Product	A+
Small and portable	Great price!  Does more than other brands, and for way less!
Great unit for excellent connectivity	So got it mid February, used it once to transfer files to an external drive. After that it sat in the desk drawer. Pulled it out 2 days ago (5/16/20) and it no longer connects. I’ve rebooted, tried each port with no luck. Reached out to the seller 2 days ago and still haven’t heard back. I think its a hit or miss with this thing. BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK.
Good	Overall you get what you paid for. It's a hassle with my computer only having one input this solved the problem.
Nice product	Solid quality and great design for all your connectivity needs!
Very Versatile	As the trend in computer and multimedia moving forward to us USB-C, it is very difficult to find a right hub at a right price, yet stylish. FlePow showed on my Amazon page with a right price. It allowed me to hook up my MacBook to TV via HDMI or still using my USB or SD card as usual. It made my life much more easier with a reasonable price. It also saved me a lot of effort to transfer my files from my old device.
compact solid attachment	Great!
Perfect product	Worth the money and not cheap like most products!
Great Addition	I love this product for on the go photo importing to my laptop. I can also charge multiple devices with this hub which is always useful.
it's convenience to carry around!!!!!	I use this when tethering to Lightroom, and this product works very well and very fast. I would recommend it.
Supreme Build Quality	Works great! All the ports work perfectly. The only con would be the little black wire, it’s not too long but I would prefer it without. Overall I good buy!
great choice	Really Nice Product and simple carry and working fine with my Mac Pro. Thanks for great product
Fast delivery / High quality	Thanks!  I will use this for traveling and presenting to adapt to any/all forms of connections across the country.  This will be used with my laptop and IPad!
Makes your Macbook useful	It works.  It seems like good quality.  I took off a star because it lacks an ethernet port like other devices similar. Yes, I would recommend.  A good value.
Buenísimo producto	Everything described about this product 1000% what it said and for a Great price for all that it does.
This is the one to get	This is an excellent little gadget, that's looks very techy and works perfectly.  I need to spend my USB ports and this one does it without sacrificing any USB as it used through the "C" type connector,  similar to what the newer cell phones are using.  It works great and very easy to plug n remove.
Great Product!	It works perfectly with my Chromebook. I like the style and color, it matches my laptop. small but very efficient.
Works well	Love this adapter. I can do so much at once and is necessary for my MacBook Pro.
exactly what I was looking for	exactly what I was looking for
Very portable!	This is perfect for me.  I have multiple incompatible devices and just got a MacBook with only the new USB C ports.  With this in can connect my camera and Galaxy phone and transfer off of usb B thumb drives.
great hub	Todo esta bien
Great product for the value!	this thing is built with good material. its real durable. I have tried bending the the connecting cord a few times and no damage is done. over all it has all the functions I need I like hdmi, sd card readers, and usb's. and there seems to be no delay problems when connected. money worth spent.
Amazing tool for your Mac in a world that is not 100% Mac yet	Pros - inexpensive; works with latest mac; small and portable; can be used to connect iphone, sd card to mac.
Love it!	Fast shipping and works as expected. I was a little hesitant because of the price and because I’m new to Mac but I have no complaints.
Working great	Handy little hook up to carry with me when I am traveling out of the office and my laptop is not connect to my docking station. Definitely would recommend it.
High quality and phenomenal price!!	it's a great adapter not heavy at all it's the weight of a normal phone chargergreat to bring it in your baghas hdmi usb sd and etc which is really nice plus it's so small and cute!totally worth the money and I would buy again?
Functional	The unit is high quality and works well.  The only reason why I didn't give it a 5 was it didn't come with a C to 3 adapter.  My desktop doesn't do USB C, so an adapter is critical.  Would have been better had the purchase included the adapter, as a previously purchased hub had done.  Guess if I registered it, they would have shipped me one as a fred gift.Otherwise, it's a solid usable hub.  Hope there is no "undocumented" features in its internal software.  As with most everything, it's Made in China.
Nice design!	Connects Surface to TV clearly
Working great	I've been using this adapter for the past month and it has been serving me perfectly. No technical issues, portable, sturdy, and supports all my everyday devices.Great and reliable adapter for my Macbook!
Very good, not perfect	I really like this USB hub. It serves the purpose well of giving me a memory card slot so I can upload photos from my DSLR to my new MacBook which has no USB or anything. I teach yearbook, so I use this a lot!
Recommend	Great product thank you.
Very compact	Great product... Super easy to use.  Better with a short cord than having to plug the whole "brick" into the side of the computer.  And a third of the price.
Works GREAT!	The USB C HUB has worked marvelous and continue to use it. It has become very useful for all needs that I may have. I recommend this purchase and vendor!
What I was looking for!!	Nice hub. Expands usability of laptop with only usb-c ports and very portable too!
Superior product and service	I dock my Macbook and use an adapter similar to this for my external screen.  This device does not work for me - it constantly gives no signal back to the screen (I have changed HDMI cables, and all of the USB devices are lit just fine).  The other Anker device I have works correctly, but I was hoping to switch to this device for more USB ports.  Oh well.
Amazing tool for your Mac in a world that is not 100% Mac yet	solid and durable, everything works right. haven't tested if its 3.0 but it charges things fast and the data transfer doesn't seem slow.
Works AMAZING!	The USB C Hub Multiport Adapter is small, mobile and doesn't take space on my desk (important).  I would recommend this multiport adapter if you're on the move.Cheers!
Happy	Works great with my MAC Pro laptop, nice and portable
Perfectly functional	I would recommend this product for it's quality, price and features. It's a must have for a new mac owner where the computer has only lightning ports. I have not had any issues with the product and I use it for my wireless mouse, keyboard and additional monitor plug-ins.
Plug and Play	I ordered a new laptop and ordered this to go with it. It has worked great for me.
7 different ports, sturdy built	The build quality is so weak.
Easy to use.	The product is very durable. It is lightweight and portable.
Worth it's price	I love it. It is very useful and very easy to use. And it is working pretty well.
Good product	This is the best USB c hub available. More features and a great price.
Works	This is a perfect portable device. I am using it for both macbook as well as windows docking station.  Very much satisfied with the product. no issues found.
Very compact and efficient	I got a new mac pro laptop 16" and magic mouse 2 but needed the adapter to activate my mouse. Its a perfect hub to coordinate the usb, apple c-hub and also has an hdmi, and card slots as well for a great price
Very well built hub. Perfect for MacAir 2018	I’m sure it works with PC and other stuff but it does not work with latest 2020 iPad Pro.
great addition to my MacBook Pro	Product was defective and did not show display through hdmi port and slipped off my macbook air very easily. Spend the extra money for a higher quality adapter.......
Great product at a great price.	I needed an adapter to connect my Mac to an external monitor, and this product works perfectly. It is very durable and made of high-quality materials too (I've dropped it and banged it around a few times and it hasn't cracked or broken).
This is the one to get	I have been using it for 7 months. I am a DJ so I really needed a reliable device. This usb c hub is very good. There were no issues at all. I enjoy using it. Highly recommended.
Very Useful Device	My previous (and expensive at $100!) hub used up both USB c ports and rested up against the laptop side. Well, over time, about 6 months in, it got wobbly and would disconnect in the middle of a presentation I'm giving. I had to search for a new one and so happy that someone thought of the connection like this. It has more ports than I need, and it's slim, works great!
Highly recommended	This USB-C hub includes 4k HDMI which works well for business applications and it's nice and light. Does not feel cheap either it has a nice aluminum finish. I do recommend.
GOOD BUY.	There was nothing wrong with this item. Ordered the wrong one
Delivers the goods at a fair price.	I have to say I was a bit skeptical, between the really reasonable price and the size of this sweet little hub, I wasn't sure it would live up to the hype.  Well, I am pleased to say I was VERY wrong!  Plugged it in, tested all the ports and sd card ports and it worked like a charm.  Very well made and looks great too.  Did exactly what I wanted and what I needed.  Do NOT hesitate to purchase this little gem.  I recently purchased an Apple MacBook Air 2018 and this lets me do everything I want.  So many options now.
Would buy again!	Item came as described and works great!I have a 2019 MacBook Pro and is compatible.
Great product	My main purpose for purchasing this was for use with a wireless mouse and my Macbook Pro. It serves that purpose with no issue. I decided to get this device because it had other uses than just a USB. I use the HDMI slot to plug in my monitor and it works great. But my favorite feature is being able to plug in my camera's SD card and mini SD! I am so glad I opted to purchase this adapter vs. a simple USB adapter. I have read people having difficulty using adapters and wifi at the same time, but I have not experienced a delay of any sort. Great product!
Good, affordable USB C Multiport Adapter	Fits within a hand. No problem using it at all.
En tiempo	Like the material. Very useful product.
Perfect to travel with	good product
Works seamlessly with PC but very limited with iPad.	This product had almost everything I needed. The only thing it didn't have that I required was a charging port. It was an oversight on my part when I bought this for my Note 10, DeX set-up. It is well made and functions perfectly as is, but I really need the charging port for my particular use. I sold it to a buddy and found one that had the charging port.
It works	This device is the perfect accessory for your laptop! It is small enough to pack, has enough ports that you can plug everything you need in and is sturdy enough to withstand frequent use! Great product at a great price!
A great recommend !	Got this for a Christmas gift to use with my IPad Pro. Used it to download pictures from USB and to connect to Tv via HDMI cable. Works better than I expected.
The Item as described	this works just like it was an apple product.
Great price in for a quality product	Device worked exactly like it was described.Would recommenced to anyone who needs a hub.
Love It!	Good quality and fits well on side  laptop case.  No issues with connections - laptop identified connected SD Card, BT, USB  devices
En tiempo	Well built, good for price
Works well	Works for the newest Macbook Pro with Touch Bar. Very nice for students to have.
USB C Hub Multiport Adapter use	Sturdy little adapter with lots of ports. I recommend
Excellent product.	Works great!
Finally a USBc hub that works with the iPad Pro.	After upgrading to a new Macbook Air I didn't realize it didn't have a traditional USB port. This USB-C hub is just what I needed. It seems to be well constructed (don't feel cheaply made) and works.
Overall good buy	Love the design and it's ability connect all of my devices!
Slim and sturdy	Good hud for travelers
Very good quality, works perfectly	There are plenty of options for USB-C hubs out there, but this one combines affordability, style and performance quite well. The SD drive and USB 3.0 slots work great. I was able to transfer about 15GB of files from the SD slot to a flah drive through my Thunderbolt in about 5 minutes. I plan on using the HDMI slot for a monitor as well, and will update my review if their are performance issues. Overall, a great product at a great price.
TRASH STAY AWAY	This slim device was able to charge all my devices as well as give me multiple options for data transfer and superb quality for HDMI data transfer.. it works beautifully, plug and play, no drivers needed. I love the metal case . I had multiple questions before purchasing this product because I had been burnt before with the more expensive ones. The customer service was fantastic, they responded almost immediately. I would give this product 5 stars for its quality and price!!
Good quality for the price	Muy buen adaptador fácil de llevar y practico me encanta
Great!	Flexible and fits well even when I had a hard shell on my laptop
Works Well	No issues with this item. It fits in my pocket during the day so I don't forget it. I use it with a 2019 MacBook pro for mostly HDMI and USB-A connectivity. USB is mostly for a Jabra headset controls. I would definitely purchase this item again.
It works	Works great however picks up radio Frequencies causing the USB to disconnect. If using walkie talkies beware
Very compact and useful.	If you value your stuff DO NOT buy this!!!! I just got this in today. Plugged it in and my laptop saw it just fine. So I plugged my $250 Corsair k95 RGB Gaming keyboard into it and for about 10 seconds it worked fine. After those ten seconds however, my keyboard no longer works! Nothing will recognize that its plugged in. I tried on 3 different machines just to be sure. So thanks to this $20 garbage, my $250 keyboard is a fancy paper weight. I cant even get a new one because they no longer sell this model and I dont like the "Upgraded" model. I will be promptly returning this. If the company wants to replace my keyboard then maybe I'll consider them again. Otherwise, stay far away!
Awesome addition for a Mac Mini	I took it on two week trip to download videos and photos from my phone and camera and it worked without a hitch. I didnt have the opportunity to try the HDMI adapter but so far, no problems.  It is on the heavier side due to the metal body but build quality and sturdiness made up for it. I had a plastic version (micro-usb) and it was all cracked so I'm happy that this one didnt get all banged up on the travel.
Works for multiple devices	Super slick design, thin and compact, and perfect for travel. Does exactly what I need it to do.
convenient	A very handy product. The different types of ports makes it especially useful.
Works great.	I bought this adaptor a while ago. Both my wife and I use it on our computers ( Windows and Mac), and we have been so happy with our purchase so far.I also suggested the product to one of my colleagues at work.
Chromebook	This product meets all my needs! I’m a college student who is always moving place to place so it helps to have it in a portable place to connect to usb/hdmi/ etc
Working great	I really like the different connections, especially being able to access my SD cards
Easy to use!	Nice multi connector hub works for both mac and windows 10. Good that there is something out der to solve multiple different types ports issues with windows 10 and Mac.
Cell use	This usb adaptor works great. It's a simple product that has become an essential in my day to day life. I like how compact it is and also that it's very travel friendly.
great addition to my MacBook Pro	Appears to be a quality product.  Right out of the box, all peripherals I have used, usb ports and addition of bluetooth trackball work very well.  I liked the fact they added four velcro stickers to keep the adapter on my laptop.
Multiport Adapter	Solved my printer problems! Excellent
Did the job without fuss	Great product for the price, doesn't look or feel cheap, despite being a lot cheaper than some of the alternatives. Could be a little more solid, if you're after something light this is perfect, but if you want something heavy duty may not be the best option. Overall I'd recommend it, very happy with the purchase.
Great Product	Breaks easily over time, bad materials
Awesome!	The product is easy to use and works very well. Also connects to my macbook to download pics off phone as well. Happy with purchase. I totally recommend it
You now have options from a small device. Been searching for*	I love how easy it is to have all the things I need in one USB-C hub! It’s really nice that you can plug in your SD card while having your hdmi and usb can charge my iPhone as well. This is what everyone who is starting out with the new MacBook Pros should be grabbing.
Simple and work perfectly	This is a fantastic product and very useful for new mac. I am liking it.
GREAT FOR TRAVEL	All features seem to work as described.
Useful	Great price, great functionality, would recommend to anyone with MacBook
Inexpensive effective	Good product , Works great
It works	Worked as described on 2019 MacBook Pro. Mainly bought for the USB ports and and HDMI port.
Love it so far!	My new laptop only has USB-c ports. This hub allows me to use my flash drives with USB2 connections, my external monitor with an HDMI connector, and SD cards. It is small and lightweight, ideal for travel. The one problem I had was that when I connected my external hard drive device (OWC Mercury Elite Pro Dual RAID) to it, after about a minute the external hard drive kept disconnecting. I had to buy a separateUSB-B to USB-C cable for that device.
Must have for your Macbook!	We have a blog and have a lot of social media, this device was a welcome addition to our tech gagets. Because we have a number of camer's, drones, action cam's ect. Since we are always tranfering data this is one device that has made things a lot easierOurcrazeeadventure.com
Super handy to have around!	I have purchased two of these because they are perfect for keeping in your tech /EDC pack. They are compatible with the new iPad Pro's and it is a necessity!
High Quality, Compact Package	The material is good quality and small size. The adaptor is very light, compact and with great utility for portability. I gave 5 Stars on Overall Rating because of its price and usefulness. I used it with my laptop, desktop or ipad pro.
Works as described	Cool design and perfect function! Good quality
IPad pro bff	Upgraded computer to a new MacBook Pro and this was the perfect accessory! If you have older external hard drives, mouse etc you need this! Want to mirror your tv? No problem. Great value as well.
Very compact and efficient	I own a MacBook Pro 2016 (without the touchpad) and I needed to connect my USB-C port to an HDMI Adapter cord. A colleague recommended ordering the cheaper adapters from Amazon instead of purchasing the Apple product which was $68. I decided to purchase this and it worked. I presented today and there were no issues.
Very Satisfied	Very portable and handy. All the 7 ports function well on the new MacBook pro. Worth for its price.
Solid and works well.	Love this adapter because it is one of the few I have found that is longer than 6" - it is around 4' long (and think they had an 8' one also). I use mine on my laptop and this way can sit the adapter on the side table to charge or plug in options and is out of the way and still can handle my desktop. Works great so far!
Great functioning USB Hub	Worked right away and great expansion ports.
Works well	Have not tried the SD, TF or HDMI components but the USB connection works great!
One of the best out there	There isn't a whole lot to say about this. I've been working from home and wanted something to act as a lightweight docking station. I use this with my work issued Dell laptop to output to an external monitor, and I use the USB ports for my headset, mouse, and keyboard. It works perfect every time and I have absolutely no complaints.
So worth it!!!	Works great for my needs. I like the multiple ports available on one device
Good USB-C hub to connect a 2nd display on Macbook Pro	This did the trick when I got a new laptop and could not plug into desktop because they changed the outlet.  small and great for traveling.
Longevity of item very very short	This USB C adaptor works very well for my MacBook Pro 2019. Highly recommend this product to other MacBook users.
Solidly built - works well	Product works as advertised.  Well built - doesn't feel flimsy.
Exactly what I needed all-in-one	i got a defective product, they refunded to me.
Hight quality hub	Item arrived quickly.  I mainly purchased it so that I could connect to HDMI.  Works well!
Great product for use when traveling.	I travel quite a bit internationally and frequently use technical equipment that doesn’t  have the same ports as my Apple products. This product allows me to connect with other equipment without any problem.  It’s safe easy and compact for travel.
Good product, but...	I bought latest version MacBook Pro and I have monitor for my online class. I need connection each other. That’s why I bought this unique hub. I can say very nice design and durable product. Especially I really like color and great matched with my MacBook Pro. Also good price and you will see when you go to BestBuy or other places. Thanks.
Awesome adapter...	Works great. Mainly purchased for the USB ports, but the micro SD and HDMI are a nice bonus. Perfect for my surface pro x!
Great way to expand your MacBook's Thunderbolt ports.	I bought a new laptop that uses the usb c port and this item turns one port into many.  I can charge my computer while charging my phone, portable charger and so much more .  It's also very light and thin so it slides right in my laptop case.  Would definitely recommend.
Love it	I bought this for my iMac.  All the port on my computer are on the back.  I have limited amount of port which I constantly have to be unplugging and replug in devices.  I bought this because I wanted something that’s more accessible.  The one problem I have with it is that the connector for the actual port, the cord, is very short.  this is a deal for someone who is using it for a laptop but for a desktop it’s not the best.
Works great and we use it daily it’s been a great thing to have.	Works great and matches my Mac Book Pro. Would def buy again!
Small, practical, and convenient	No problem with it at all. A very good quality product for the price. I would've liked a USB c port so I could charge my device while using it, but I chose this device specifically for the extra USB 3 port. 👍🏻
This is amazing for MacBook Pro !!	This adapter solved the problem of going to a new MacBook with no connection ports for devices one uses with a computer. It is very small and light so doesn't detract from the portability of the laptop.
Great product.	Nothing to complain. Works perfecty. HIGHLY recommended.
Material	Works great!  I use it for my usb thumb drive and have access to everything I need.
Solid and works well.	Great product! Works well and is very solid. However the HDMI connection doesn’t support 4K monitors, just FYI.
All the ports you need	Great adapter. I wanted to say that this adapter feels like high quality and durable. It works great and the price is reasonable. I highly recommend this  if you don’t want that adapter that is attached to your MAC. It’s very lightweight and portable. The reason I bought it was because I had a case for my MAC that made me able to attach device super easy.
Good Product	This items pairs perfectly with my new MacBook Pro -- it's lightweight, visually sleek and offers additional connections to all my devices that are no longer compatible with the usb c port. It's also reasonably priced. Highly recommend!
One stop shop	This product looks great and works like a charm. I wanted something that would have the same sleek look as my laptop while also not breaking the bank. Would definitely recommend this.
Great value.	Very useful product for new MacBook Pro. Good for travel and work.
Functional and portable	I like design and built quality.Also I like the fact that it has cable, it makes HDMI connection and using multiple ports better.
My first time to give a review on Amazon	It works perfectly. We use it to connect a Chromebook to a monitor along with a mouse, keyboard and USB webcam.
Very Useful	I've had this item for weeks, and have loved every second of it. I use it very often between work, school, and the hdmi function for projection. I work with creating media content (music, videos, photos, etc) and having this hub device with not only USB ports but also SD slides it great for me! Would recommend.
Great Addition	Purchased this for my Mac Pro, mostly for multi-USB use. All ports on device stopped working after about 3 mos. Tried it on a PC and another friends' Mac, same thing.
High quality and phenomenal price!!	Very lightweight and good quality. Convenient to store. Would recommend for anyone who has one of the newer macs.
Does what it should	Very good build quality. Feels like an Apple product. Amazing for the price!
Perfect for ipad also	Works real good
Just what I needed!	This USB-Port is amazing! It has everything I need to stay productive. It is simple as plug and play. I used it to add additional monitor to my workspace using the HDMI port and I have my several USB 3.0 Flash drives that I plug into for additional storage space. It is super fast, no lag time, and it easily adjustable so I can move it around in my workspace. All the ports work great. It is built really well and feels really sturdy. Plus, the color matches my MacBook Pro, which is nice aesthetic touch. If you are looking for a reasonably price USB hub with HDMI, USB 3.0 ports, and SD drives, this is it! It has added to my productivity!
Great all inclusive Multiport Adapter	Works immediately when plugged in. Good quality for the price
Works great with everything but my iPad	I like this product it is fast and small, ease to connect and use. Thank you!
Excellent product.	It was great
Works perfectly. No loss of connection	Great quality and working pretty well. I have been using almost all the ports of the dongle yet no issues at any of them.Definitely, recommend to others.
Works	Works well.
exactly what I was looking for	Sleek and slim design. Haven't really had any problems with it other than when we would connect our TV to our laptop via HDMI Cord and this adapter sometimes the audio doesn't connect to the TV like it should.
Works great	When upgrading to a later model Macbook, I didn't realize there were no ports or disc player. I'm so glad I found this affordable hardware to easily attach to my Macbook so I could use it the way I need to. Works as advertised.
Just as described; better than expected	I just purchased a Samsung tablet, and this is exactly what I needed. I can insert my SD card for my pictures during my travels, I can have a Bluetooth mouse, and any USB cord. I'm very impressed and happy with this product!
I love it	With only two USB C inputs, you'll need to expand your input selectivity. I purchased this hub because it has 3 USB 3.0, 1 HDMI,1 SD, and 1 TF inputs available through one USB C input. Plus the hub is tiny and easy to carry.
great choice	Awesome product would strongly recommend for your MacBook!
Love it!	Great product, great price .Perfect for my Apple laptop computer.
Great product	This product has been sitting in the back pouch of my driver's seat since I bought it.  The purpose of buying it was to provide something to charge a phone when someone is sitting in my back seat which isn't often. It was tried for the first time a week ago. It did not work. I used something else in the same port and it worked. I wish I hadn't waited so long to use it.  It's still shiny from being new. There isn't a product I won't buy on a Amazon. I have been a satisfied Amazon customer for many years. Unfortunately, this product was a flop for me..very disappointed.
Small and portable but sturdy	It is great just plug in and go and very compact fits in the bag I have for my other cables and external hard drive. I haven't used the card reader yet but I also have a camera but the weather has been a little wonky so I haven't been out to take any new photos in a while. but as far as using the adapter for everything USB spot on!
Great product.	Nice aluminum casing. Well made with a nice strong cable.
Great product	This is an awesome product but the connection has some issues but overall I love it.
Very Useful	Doesn’t work so well with my Mac.
Disappointed	Works amazing with my Samsung Galaxy Book 2! I needed this multiport adaptor because my tablet/laptop does not use USBs so this multiport I'd a huge game changer and I didn't realize it's not uses USBd but also HDMI, SD and TF. I GOT A LOT FOR THE MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT! Price is fair and reasonable and it instantly works on my tablet/laptop. No download required and easily to use! Will buy more in the near future!
GOOD BUY.	I bought this because all of my other adapters kept breaking, but this one is great. The added micro SD card slot was really nice as well. Great for the price
Easy to use!	This is a great option if you travel or need a multiport for home. It is small and works well.
Work perfectly	It is an amazing accessory to have w my new mac book pro laptop, except I wish the cord in between the adapter and the computer was stronger
Great price in for a quality product	nothing
Works as Expected	Good sturdy material
All you need in one	Great product. Arrived on time and met all my expectations. Highly would recommend.
Easy to use!!!	Wonderful product.  Definitely came in handy during my business trips. and just at the office.  My work laptop just didn't have enough ports.  This did the trick.
Great for adding a second external HDMI monitor and more USB ports to a laptop	this extensive port adds five more ports to my laptop.  It is a great tool, that I carry with me in my laptop bag when I travel and when I work.  It is a great tool for adding ports and flexibility to my laptop.
As advertised!	excellent product. I was thinking about material but I saw in my hands I see the good material
Great addition to make iPad Pro more useful	This has been a great accessory to make my iPad Pro much more useful as my primary device. I mainly use it for the HDMI option so I can connect to TVs and other devices.
Works perfectly	This product is by far is the best USB Type-C I have received. The quality and overall use is superior to all the rest I have used!
One of the best out there	A great product in a very nice looking package.  Does what it is supposed the do and takes up very little room.  Really like the feel of the finish and the how neatly it is organized.  Works great with macbook.  Fast connection and plenty of ways to connect.
Easy to use and good quality	I've been meaning to pick one of these up for a while now, and finally got around to getting one since I really needed it. It came super quick in the mail and I plugged it in right away. This dongle is great and I've had no problems with it functioning the way that it should. It's not too large in any way and the ports are all nice. Super glad I got this!
Great service	I like the way it works
Good Quality	This Hub adapter arrived on time, it was packaged well, made from high quality aluminum, and has done everything as advertised.  I'm highly recommend this product.
Great product	I really liked the USB C hub, so far it's working great with my mac.
Matches space gray looks and works well	Quick delivery and strong, sturdy product.
A must-have adapter for Macbook	Definitely better than the last one I had. All of the peripherals I have work more efficiently using this hub.
great addition to my MacBook Pro	Works great, no issues, small and compact great for traveling. Best this is all the attachments that I have not used in such a long time.
Fast Data Transfer	House and extension cord are durable, easy to use and extensions are secure when plugged in.
Simply all you need	The product I got is exactly what's specified and just what I need to make my laptop totally compatible. No issues here and readily recommend to anyone looking for a HDMI dongle with all the bells and whistles.
Exactly what I was looking for!	I purchased two of these, one for work and the other for home office. One is connected to a Mac and one to an HP laptop. Both work sporadically and the connection to my iPhone seldom works and charging either is very slow or not at all. Plugging in the dongle for keyboard and mouse also showed undependable connections. I would have liked to have returned these but the window had closed. The product looks great but fails to deliver and would look for a different solution and avoid these.
Perfect for ipad also	I use this for my Dell laptop. This is a good USB-C connector and easy to use. This definitely have so much more functionality. I love it. Simple connection via HDMI to a monitor. Anyway good quality.
Very Great	Easy to use and travel with. Not a heavy product at all.
USB C Hub Multiport Adapter - 7 in 1 Portable Space Aluminum Dongle	First thing I noticed about this product is the quality of material. It is the same material as my MacBook Air the cord and ports are very well built as well just a all around solid product. As for the performance it works just as described. It has all the connections one would need for a laptop and enough USB ports that are usb 3.0 . I am pleased with the purchase highly recommend.
Working really well!	The product works well and has no issues with heat whatsoever. I bought it to get access to a display out (HDMI) and a couple of USB 3.0 ports for my Macbook Pro. Setup was easy. The product is lightweight making it ideal for traveling, though the product feels a bit "hollow", albeit aluminum. That's no issue though. Definitely worth purchasing.
Great addition to my Chromebook.	Just arrived today and it works perfectly well with my Lenovo yoga c740. Does not disrupt by bluetooth keyboard and didn't experience any issues so far. (If I do I will be sure to update).
Works better than my other purchase that cost substantially more...	This was a great addition to my new MacBook Pro. Thought I would lose use of several external pieces of equipment, but all plug in and work as they should. Cords are solidly built, I don't foresee any fraying anytime soon (and I throw this in my backpack everyday). Pics transfer with relative ease. I would recommend and would buy again.
Works as advertised with a much cooler temperature	This has been perfect for my MacBook Pro - no problems with random ejecting like I had with my last one (different brand).  Good price and quick shipping.
works perfectly	This is a lifesaver! I recommend this for sure!
Good item	Easy to use, as it is plug and play.  I love the build (metal components)… looks great.. has a solid feel.  I have noticed that it will get warm if the ports are completely filled and used for long periods of time.  I love the convenience of this device.  I use it regularly as a "mini docking station" for my Alienware R17.  I would recommend this and purchase it again.
Good USB-C hub to connect a 2nd display on Macbook Pro	This stopped working a week after I purchased this. I used it maybe 4 time max, and I now its trash.
Functional	When I first received this it was a god send because I worked on multiple networks that I plug in. Now 3 months later for no reason at all it does not work. It has not been dropped, crunched or damaged in any way. Just tried to plug in and now I’m stuck because I can’t return it and now have to buy a new one. Ugh
Great	Very good product.  Did exactly what I wanted it to do :)
Working great	The product feels solid and so far works well. Only quibble is that the cable portion is pretty stiff. Maybe that is needed to ensure the cable doesn't fray.
Makes my laptop more useable	So far. So Good. I bought this for my MacBook,  Used it couple times. No issues so far.
Good for Surface Go	Good hub for the money
Adds needed functionality for the MacBook pro	A must for the new MacBook. The size is great for travel.  I use it with my Bluetooth travel mouse.
great hub	Works perfectly
TRASH STAY AWAY	The quality and look is awesome, it definitely adds up to Macbook pro. I purchased it in August and it works perfect. It serves the purpose in the very cost effective (comparing $100+ from apple). I love the product and surely recommend it to others. I use it daily to connect my mac to the monitor using HDMI port of the adapter.
Exactly what I was looking for!	Doesn't work for what I wanted. I bought this so I could review my dash cam footage on to my phone, but it won't work on my Note 9. Although it seems to power up when I hook it to my daughter's Samsung s10, but will not work at all on my Note 9. I bought it specifically because it said it works with it. It seems well built and good material, it just will not work with my phone.
Love It!	Very convenient to use for my MacBook Pro. Mainly used for transferring my USB files , photos, documents, among others at this time.
?	Great product! Working well so far.
Excellent hub that does the job	I connected external hard drive through this USB 3.0 to my MacBook.Every time, the connection to the external (raid) hard drive was broken during the file transfer process, and external disk for forcefully unmounted (with corresponding error message). Such problem does not occur, ever, if I use original Apple hub (usb-c → usbc, usb3, hmdi)
More Than Expected	I got it mainly because the new Mac Mini has only one HDMI Port and Two USB Ports. The Card Readers are a really nice Bonus! I just plugged in my small USB Card Reader into one of the additional USB Ports and was like, "wait, I don't even need this, dope"
Just what I needed!	Highly recommend this product for anyone who is looking for an all in one product.While the shape is naturally a bit awkward for travel the device itself is very useful and if you have a bag that can store it it's well worth the purchase. It is made of metal which is a nice touch as most dongles are plastic and in addition to being so durable it has a light that indicates when its being used. Several USB A ports, an SD card slot, and an HDMI slot is really all you can ask for when it comes to a converter. While the mobility suffers a little due to shape its not much of a problem if you can fit it in a pocket, and the device itself works great so far. While there are individual dongles that might be faster or easier to use, If you're looking for an all in one hub this is it.
Good	Product serves it's purpose well, and functions with all ports in use at the same time. However, I'd recommend plugging your laptop into power before connecting the hub to ensure adequate power to all your peripherals.
Wont work with only Samsung note 9	Love this little thing! It does everything I need it to do. I recently bought a Surface Pro 7 which has limited ports and wanted to upload photos onto it from a Micro and regular SD card. The Microsoft tech recommended I get a micro sd adapter and also an HDMI adapter. I was happy to find this one because it can be used for other functions as well like HDMI and USB C. This little gem helps a ton, it is very functional and has all of the different type of ports you could possibly need. Highly recommend this product and it's very good quality which will hopefully last for a long time.
Works well	Great product, good for travel.
You now have options from a small device. Been searching for*	Found one that can connect with my MOTO 'G7 phone and works well with other device's tech People😎
7 different ports, sturdy built	Works amazing. I was skeptical at first given the great price but everything works perfectly. Great for space too and keeps everything organized. Great if you have a lot of wireless USBs attached to your computer which I do lol.
Works perfectly	This product works exactly as expected. No issues connecting to my Macbook. Very Pleased.
Works for multiple devices	Exactly what I needed. WAAAYYYY cheaper then buying anything like it at Apple for my MacBook Pro 15”. 15/10 would buy again.
Sleek, Slim & Stylish	Worked perfectly and arrived quickly! If you have a MacBook Pro you need this product!!!!
A great hub	I was shopping for a micro SD card reader for my MacBook, but came upon this and thought about the other miscellaneous readers/adapters hiding in my desk drawer.  Before I threw them out, though, I wanted to make sure this one worked for me. Ta-da! It did a very good job with my SD and micro SD cards, and my assortment of usb flash drives. I haven't tried the HDMI port, since I mainly deal with photos so I don't know how fast it is. That said, the transfer speed for me is good - much better than other hubs I've tried in the past. I am so glad I found this little gem!
Has everything you need	exactly what I needed to be able to do multiple tasks on my new mac!
En tiempo	Works as described, is a great product.
Just as promised	Works as it should. Worth it.
Portable, solid, and well-made	👍🏼
Works like a charm	I've been using this adapter for several months now. It is well built, matches the color of my Mac, and has been working as a charm. It is thin and very portable. No complaints.
Good	Multiport adapter worked as expected.  I use it mainly to extend my display to a larger monitor.  It works well!
great for newer MacBook Air	Use this for my iPhone USB, speaker USB, and HDMI all in one. This is one of the most convenient adapter I've ever purchased and I bring it around with me everywhere.
High Quality, Compact Package	I specifically need a hub that is functional, compact and portable. This is it! It can easily fit into my purse and I can use it for multiple purpose. It's awesome! Would definitely recommend it!
Multiport Multimedia	It’s good. The Mayer seems nice. The ports were clean. It is as pictured. Works well. I definitely recommend it!!
Love it!	This USB C hub Multiport adapter - 7 in 1 Portable device is fantastic! We recently purchased a new MacBook. And there is no ports other than the thunderbolt 3/ USB-C ports. This device allows for SO much adaptability. I can now put my SD camera card ditectly to my computer, and use flash drives to store info! Lightweight and portable, fits in pocket.  A MUST HAVE for anyone doing computer work across multiple platforms. Highly recommend!
great quality	I really like this product. Thank you!
Good, product, great buying experience	The product is exactly as described and works exactly as it should. Build quality is very good. I do wish the cable was about 2-3 inches longer.
4K HDMI works well	Solved several problems for my college bound daughter. Works great and is reasonably priced.
Easy to Use	It came working properly, easy to use, no damage. Simple and clean design.
Very very happy	I LOVE THIS PRODUCT! IT ARRIVED FAST AND IT HAS EVERYTHING ONE NEEDS. WOULD BUY AGAIN!
Everything I need and more	A lot of ports for very versatile use. Very good build quality, and very fast speeds.
Perfect for ipad also	Works great
This works really well!	I absolutely love it and it’s very easy and convenient ♥️!
Very good quality, works perfectly	I purchased two of these for my company. We use MacBooks, but often travel to various client's offices are can never be sure what technology they will be utilizing. The USB C Hub Multiport Adapter - 7 in 1 has allowed us to be confident that we will be able to connect our MacBooks to almost any technology. The device itself is small and packs well without taking up a lot of space. We've tested each port and all work as promised. I would recommend this to others without question.
4K HDMI works well	I am very satisfied with this product, it worked very well for me
En tiempo	Works better than my last adapter
Great way to expand your MacBook's Thunderbolt ports.	This little hub is great to have; I own a Macbook Pro which only has USB type C ports, a USB to type C adaptor is usually a little bit bulky, sometimes I have to unplug one device in order to fit in another device even though there are two ports on the side because the gap between ports is not wide enough to fit both adaptors. This hub provides a good solution. It is very nicely made, the design looks sleek and feels nice. I highly recommend it.
Best	Very solid
GOOD BUY.	Works like a charm.
great choice	Portable, essential accessory for those with newer laptops designed with USB-C ports. The product arrived quickly and works great, a true value when compared to other similar products that I have purchased at a much higher price.
Great	perfect for my Mac computer
Perfect for ipad also	Easy to use, with all the necessary functionality you want from an adapter.Nothing negative to remark.And good value!
Convenient	Works perfect. Only wish I could plug in my earbuds.
Great Adapter	An amazing hub! Especially for newer MacBook Pro models that do not have any sort of USB ports. Very durable feeling and made of great metal like material. Easy to use as well, just plug in and use.
a very necessary product	It works great with my new MacBook Pro!
Convenient hub	I received a new Apple Mac book air without a USB port. I found this USB C HUB and the service, delivery and unit was all top notch professional. The unit allows me to now have all the advantages of a desk top computer.Thank you for a great device.
Love it	I purchased this hub for my Chromebook as it only has one USB connector and it works PERFECTLY.  It's exactly what I needed.
Great!	Good material and very portable for on the go
A must-have adapter for Macbook	Notice: I'm doing this for the $10 Amazon Gift card they offered.This is a great reader. I use it for work and it does its job great. I don't have a USB C Computer but When my clients do and we need the extra HDMI port, I pull this out of my bag and I 'save the day'.  On the 5 Star rating, it does deserve the 5 stars for the product, not just because of the "review reward"
Sleek, Slim & Stylish	I use this product everyday and absolutely love it! It’s lightweight and portable and fits all my needs!
Very portable!	Surprisingly high quality
Great way to expand your MacBook's Thunderbolt ports.	This was really easy to connect, works awesome with all my accessories and my remote monitor (HDMI connection), with no issues or glitches.  It really made things easy and neat.  Product arrived in super packaging and in great condition .
USB C Hub Multiport Adapter use	this was perfect, I can charge my phone and other devices. Great product for the money!3
Slim and sturdy	Works great no problems
Multiport Multimedia	This item allows me to use several different inputs w/o moving my computer back and forth. Very easy to use.
Hight quality hub	The product is super useful and allows me to connect my desired outcome. Only thing it requires a lot of battery use.
Excellent product.	Works great!
Versatile	Exactly as advertised, if I'm being ultra critical, wish it came with a little carrying bag
Works great.	I would highly recommend this product! For the price, it does what you need it to do I've had it for a couple of months now and it has never given me any problems. You won't even realize that you are using an adaptor, pretty fast!
Solid product	Sleek, clean, works well. Would recommend.
Superior product and service	I'm a designer with a new laptop and an older separate monitor... I needed a decent hub that included an HDMI port that allowed me to hook up my monitor, and hold multiple USB drives. My newer laptop only has 2 ports and I found myself constantly switching out my USB drives. It was kind of an annoyance. This little guy is compact enough that it sits nicely behind my computer, takes up little space and allows me to run smoothly between drives.
It works fine for the money	Very light weight and portable
Seems durable	Plug and play, very easy to use with lots of ports and quite handy for every day use. It was definitely a good buy for my new MacBook Air!
USB C 7 in 1 hub.	I got a MacBook Pro and didn't read close enough to realize that the USB-C ports were different than my previous Mac laptop. A friend said I need to get a dongle, and after doing my homework I ordered this one. It arrived quickly and all I can say is that it works great! Anything I want to do that requires the old USB 3.0 ports (like print) I just plug this in and everything works seamlessly.
Great product	Excellent product. Looks like made by Apple and matches the color and finish with grey macbook pro.
Solid Adapter	Works great! Great adapter to get if you need one
Makes your Macbook useful	Recently purchased new MBP and realized needed a USBC adapter to access my external hardrive, after searching found this one and so far so good!
Plug and Play	The HDMI interface stopped working after few weeks of use and now I cannot return it ☹️
Functional and portable	Bought a new PC computer that only has 2 type C ports.  One for power and the other for everything else.  All of my peripherals use USB 2/3.  This device allows me to use multiple older devices at the same time.  Recommend.
Longevity of item very very short	First one I ordered was dead on arrival. They immediately sent me a new one works perfect with my note 9. Does work with DeX but phone needs to be charged above 80% and I cant figure out 8way to charge phone while in dex mode. Need an adapter. Thank you guys awesome product even better customer service.
Small and portable	I would Highly recommend this product. Love it
Works seamlessly with PC but very limited with iPad.	Having a smaller tablet now, I needed more than 1 USB port.  Ordered 2 for 2 different tablets we have here.I like that it has 3 USB ports, a slot for extra memory, a HDMI slot, and another slot marked TB that I don't know what is used for.  I mainly needed the USB ports for my mouse, charging my headphones, and an extra one for whatever else I might need it for.The only thing I wished it came with, that I will just add to it myself, is something so I can stick it to my tablet so it's not hanging and putting stress on the connection.Otherwise I love it and it'll be used a lot.
Small Portable USB Adapter	If you're looking at this, and you just got a new MacBook and need adapters, get this one. It handles your HDMI to a monitor or TV, as well as your USBs and SD/Micro SD cards. Had mine for two months and no complaints.
Works as advertised	This USB-C Hub is perfect for what I need. It works well and I have no complaints.
DURABLE	Great product, allows me to use multiple forms of media to and from my computer and camera.  It saves me a lot of time! Item arrived quickly and works well.
Highly recommend	Great product very durable would buy again if I lose this one.
Nice design!	Adds great functionality to the MacBook especially the card reader  I have lots of legacy USB devices too
Feels like quality	I use it for work to connect a mouse, keyboard, and phone charger, and it works great with no issues.
Fast Data Transfer	Excellent quality product, good material, and comfortable to use
7 different ports, sturdy built	I am extremely unimpressed. I use it to sometimes charge my phone and it is often slow and disconnects frequently. HDMI connection worked ok when I tried it out. But overall, I was pretty disappointed and wish I had chosen a different product.
Exactly what I wanted	This was exactly what I needed for my new macbook! I didn’t realize that I would be unable to use my USB devices so this was a great way to convert them.
Very well built hub. Perfect for MacAir 2018	I love this product, it is durable and super portable. I have traveled to Ireland with it from the USA to tape podcast episodes and it was perfect. My co-host has one too. It is not too expensive either. I give it 5 stars.
Convenient all-in-one Hub!	Item works Great! Very durable construction!
Satisfied with product	Worked great does what I need it to do give USB port then my laptop so it great add computer needs
En tiempo	I really like the Product. Works Well!!
Great Product	Sturdy, attractive, and works as advertised;.
How does it work?	works great, comes in handy frequently since the newer MacBooks have no ports other than the usb-c ones, and it color matches nicely with the computer.
Works GREAT!	This MacBook dongle was perfect for my purposes. Since I have a case on my Macbook, some other dongles were incompatible and wouldn't fit. This one did not encounter those issues. Totally recommended it!
Excellent product.	As described
Great all inclusive Multiport Adapter	The quality on the product is better than I expected. It feels so premium. Works perfect!
Great product	I've had this for a few months now, and probably use it a few times each month for movie nights and stuff, it works really well!
Great product, just I was looking for	This is exactly what I was looking for and it works great. Highly recommend for those looking to USB-A devices or a Micro SD card with your Macbook that only has a Type-C port.
Great product!	works well with my pc. good quality.
HDMI port does not work very well	Gets the job done. I'm happy with the purchase.
great choice	As I bought my first MacBook I missed the port variety after searching for an Adapter I ordered this hub and it has everything beside the Ethernet port which is not important for me at least not now
Works great and we use it daily it’s been a great thing to have.	I have had this now for a few months and have not had any issues with it.  Would buy again.
Does exactly what it is supposed to do	I am very happy with my purchase everything worked that I attached to it except for the portable cd player but not because of the hub didn't power it but because iPad pro does not allow it at this time.I can't tell if it would work on a mac computer because I don't have another device with a  c port.The down side is the stiffness of the cable that connects the item to the c port but I just leave it straight for I don't want to kink the wire it feels like it is well made.
Working great	Love the product! Super easy to use and my old portable drive hooked up easily to it. And its a lot less expensive than the converters I was looking at before. Overall, I'm very happy with my purchase!
Works Well	Great adapter! It is very easy to use and it works great for connecting SD/microSD cards, USBs, and monitors via the HDMI output! Works great with my MacBook Pro and I highly recommend for anyone who needs more ports!
Very good, not perfect	This been a great buy! I love my laptop, but it just didn't have the adapters I needed and was used to (USB, mainly 😉). So this little adapter has been just what I needed. It works great and I love all the different things you can plug into it. Never had any problem with it. I'm not the most tech savvy person, but my husband is and he doesn't have any complaint's either. Says it works great and gets the job done!
Great features!	I have only used this for the USB port for my flash drives so I cannot say about the other ports, but so far it's doing the job. It is a little awkward when you're not on a flat surface and the hub is just dangling next to your laptop, but it is manageable. I like how it came in the colors of the macbook so it matches. I also like how there are 7 ports for everything you might need. I recommend getting this hub if you have one of the newer macbooks.
Great addition to IPad Pro	what i like about this device is that it saves my usb ports. More often than not constant useage of usb ports inevitably make them non functional. This way I just plug this thing into my usb c plug and it is a more solid connection and less likely to wear out than the standard usb ports on my laptop.
a very necessary product	Works pretty good on my MacBook Pro. Really happy with the product
Superior product and service	I bought this to use with my work laptop for my home office. I have a number of devices connected to it that I did not want to plug and unplug each time I leave with it and I don’t have a docking station. This allowed me to connect everything to the hub so I have just one thing to unplug when I need to go.Everything works flawlessly without issue. Even my monitor connects which through the hdmi port.It’s very slim and takes up very little space.  I’m very happy with my purchase
Great value.	I have Macbook pro 2019. It works with seagate backup drive
Works Great	So versatile and no problems!
Exactly what I needed for my Mac	This device does what it says it does and has a nice small form-factor for portability.  Nice job!
Love It!	Perfect with all features loaded. Like the product fining quality also
Solid product	This is great! The adapter is light weight and compact, so it is extremely convenient to carry around when needed. I am very happy with my purchase!
Worked great with my MacBook Air.	This adapter has been great so far. It is small which makes it easy to use and has multiple uses which is also convenient. Good purchase.
Excellent product	This product was exactly what I expected and works as advertised.  I highly recommend it.
Amazing tool for your Mac in a world that is not 100% Mac yet	Great little device with too many alternate ports for my needs but good value for the money. Seems well made.
Gadget saver	Sleek, slender & well thought of design. All required ports included in one "easy to carry around" piece. The ports are well spaced and not cramped allowing devices to be plugged in without issues so far. Love the product.
Simply all you need	I have been using this device for over 6 months and never had any issues. Works good with my lenovo flex.  I will recommend it for purchase.
Great all in one device.	Slim design great performanceplenty of space to plug my equipment
Good quality for the price	I've used the USB hub with all inputs, and there is instant connectivity. Very happy with the purchase.
Very handy!	I purchased this product for my iPad.  It works great and I have not had any problems with it.  If you have any IPad this item is a must have.  It arrived timely and securely wrapped.
Finally a USBc hub that works with the iPad Pro.	When I got my new Mac I wondered what was I going to do with my other devices to connect.  Found this and really like it. Compact and easy to use. Wish that it was more stable for when I move my Mac.
works perfectly	This dongle works as described.  Finally, I have a device that will allow me access to my documents from an external hard drive.
All you need in one	Easy to use and has everything you could possible need to connect to your computer.
Perfect to travel with	Works well
Solid Build Fair Price	Have used all the ports except the micro SD, they all work.  It also charges items like cell phones unlike some cheaper products.
Fantastic value and great performance	If you're looking for a small, well made hub that matches your space gray MacBook Pro - this is it. While I'd rather use no hub at all, sometimes there is no way around it. This one looks like a natural extension of my laptop and so far, it's working as advertised.
It works	Super easy setup.Needed and adapter for 2019 MacPro to be able to use a wireless mouse.Plugged the adapter into one of the Mac ports.  Plugged the mouse dongle into the adapter. The mouse woke up immediately eager to move the cursor on the screen . Works great. Good price.
great choice	I was in the market for a USB C hub that had a good number of inputs as well as a good variety of ports (i.e. usb, HDMI, SD card etc). The product is great, it suits all my needs, the build quality feels solid. Highly recommended
Great product!	I really like how it cooperates very well with all cases unlike most other adapters for the Mac!!
compact solid attachment	Product is sleek, light weight, affordable, and a great accessory for any laptop
Useful	Very fast and clean. Very satisfied all metal case looks and feels great
What I was looking for!!	We owned a smaller version but we love having more usb options and it works great!
Very Useful Device	I purchased a laptop last year that only has USB-C connections on it and wanted to add more storage as well as HDMI output for a monitor/projector.  This little guy had a great price for how many ports it has on it while also having a small size.  It is slim and fits in the laptop bag easily without adding width or weight which is important if you are going to carry it with you during travels.  I almost bought two so I could leave one plugged in at my office and one at home....maybe down the road.  The memory card reader built in is GREAT for vacations when you need to clear your go-pro memory and dump the video onto a USB Flash drive also plugged into the hub.
Works grate	Love how light and thin the product is. It is easy to carry and I don't mind bringing it with me daily!
USB Port unstable	I'm using a 2019, 16" MacBook Pro I got for Christmas Dec 2019. The USB 3.0 Ports drop signal randomly, interrupting my external harddrive transfers.  My Logitech M510 wireless mouse won't work through it either.HDMI worked just fine.SD Card transfer worked just fine.Will refund to Amazon.
Very good quality, works perfectly	Works as described, but the cord is really short and zinger an error every time I plug in an adapter card that clears on its own. Using in a windows machine.
Great Product! Very Compatible and reliable	I got this product to go with my new 13inch 2019 Macbook Air. It works very well. The ports all work and it give me plenty of options for connect various devices. The color even matches the space gray of the laptop as well. Highly Recommended! Very small and easily transported as well.The HDMI adapter works well and very fast. No glitching at all. Well made product! I would buy again.
Works Great	Very sleek and easy to carry.
Great purchase	This product was very helpful for me since it is very small and light and it is compatible with my MacBook Air.
Solid product	I love that this product is sleek and portable- makes traveling with it so easy! Simple to use and always works great! Super happy with the product.
Must have for your Macbook!	I got it so I can use my mouse and flash drive at the same time. The product worked great and I'm very happy with the purchase! Everything I needed for a reasonable price!
Nice design!	Lightweight, compact and covers all the bases! I can even hook HDMI to my tv now!!! I can use it on my tablet or my galaxy s10!
Everything I need and more	I have used it for more than 4 months. It’s good. No issue and cheaper than best buy.
Great USB-C Multi-Port Adapter for Mac	I bought this b/c my new DELL laptop uses mini USB C ports. Most of the newer laptops now uses this type of USB port instead of the USB 3.0.  So this is a must-have for backward compatibility. It has a lot of adaptability built into it : One HDMI, one full size SD card, one micro SD, and 3 USB 3.0 ports. I have been using this product since Jan 2020. After unpacking the product packaging, I first thought it was made of flimsy plastic. But actually it is made of either magnesium or aluminum. My guess is it is magnesium b/c it feels heavy and solid which I really like. You don't have worry about bending this hub due to its solidness. I believe this will be a long-term keeper. Really like it!
Great Addition	I use this for my MacBook
highly recommend!!	I love how lightweight this item is. It is the perfect size and it makes getting pictures of my camera and onto my computer SO quick and easy! I HIGHLY recommend!!!!
Works perfectly. No loss of connection	I purchased this product for my husband to use on his MacBook Pro for all his traveling needs for business. He is especially pleased with this product as he is able to use it with his projector to show his slide shows he makes for his basketball teams using the HDMI cord. overall very pleased with this product and will definitely recommend to friends and family.
Very Satisfied	Works great.  Solid construction
Supreme Build Quality	A lot less expensive than some models out there. It has all the ports you want and need and the materials are a match to the space gray MacBook Pro. With Apple not using regular ports anymore this is a must have accessory for any Macbook owner! I highly recommend!!!
Great addition to make iPad Pro more useful	Had this for a few months now and it’s still going great. Love that it has many ports. I waited to write a review to see if it was a dud. But nope so far no complaints!
Works great	This is great. The only thing I wish was that it had a place to plug in for the internet instead of just using  WiFi.
Best bang for your buck!	I had to get it for my new iMac Pro. It’s been great so far.
Overall good buy	It works on my Surface Pro 7 just fine so far.
Works well, but USB response jittery when using in combination with HDMI	I've been pulling my hair out trying to figure out WHY the heck my macbook suddenly started dropping its connection to my wifi after years of this never happening. I unplugged this device and suddenly everything is back to normal. Buyer beware!
Great product!	Very light-weighted and works out-of-box exactly as expected for my Samsung phone.
Works as advertised	Works great with the laptop especially if like me, you prefer to have a case on your laptop. I purchased another adapter before this one which was without the cord and looked sleek but that did not work with laptop case on.  So, I don't mind the cord.
It really has all the ports	Perfect for Macbook Pro
easy to use	Great for plugging in multiple devices to your MacBook since they don’t have USB ports anymore
Great USB C Hub	It feels premium and has held up well over the last couple of months. No defects in the hub and is really sleek looking. Recommend it.
Overall good buy	Very easy to set up. Works great
Use With 2019 MacBook Pro and it’s Worth The Money	Small and suitable
Awesome product	Good USB-C hub, works well and as advertised. Had it for a couple months and used often for my Dell XPS-13, which only has USB-C input. So far, used it mostly for flash drives and a couple times for HDMI and works well so far. Only complaint is that the cord is not flexible.
Did the job without fuss	Wow! I love this USB C port. It works just as described on the description. I recommend it to anyone. I use it with my new macbook pro 2019.
Micro as direct to ipad	This product is excellent! It’s exactly what I needed and I love the 7 hubs!!
Está  muy  bueno	great for traveling if you do not want to take a laptop,
Add Plug and Play Functionality to Your iPad Pro	This hub is very functional because of the variety of ports it offers. It is great for me as a business travel because it’s small and compact, and also my laptop has very limited ports but this hub will allow me to connect with other technology in hotels, conference rooms, etc.
Simply all you need	Didn’t do a speed test, but the product works well with my Mac mini
Durable HUB that stays cool and quiet if you unplug and have correct orientation	I was very pleasantly surprised by this multiport adapter! It has an actual metal unibody design which gives it a nice weight and feel. I was just expecting a plastic outer casing. The adapter works great for connecting our Macbook Air to our TV (the initial reason why we purchased it) but it's nice to have all the other ports since the Air only has two USB-C ports. Also, from the image on Amazon, I was expecting it to be a lot larger than it actually is. It's way more compact than expected and great for storing it when not in use.
Delightfully small, elegantly powerful but....	This USB-C Hub is very versatile.  I use it to connect my laptop to two external monitors, external USB Keyboard, external USB mouse, external speakers, iPhone charging wireless doc, printer fax and separate color laser.  What is absolutely amazing it powers all these devices without and additional USB-C power cord.  I have other USB-C hubs that require the extra power adapter which adds to the overall expense.  This unit has been operating flawless for several months.  Very impressed with performance and have had absolutely zero issues.  It is completely plug and play.
Great features!	I bought this item for my new Mac Air. I was traveling on a business trip and needed additional connections.  It functions very well, is light, well constructed, and easy to pack.  My only advice would be to increase the connection cable a few inches, adding connections can get a little tight to the Mac. I would recommend this item to anyone needing a USB-C connection. It's very reasonably priced (I looked at the Apple store first), was delivered on time, and I've had no problems.
Great product	Well made, great for on the go and price is wow.
Material	The USB hub has worked great with my Dell Laptop. Nice compact design and multiple ports pretty much needed for the new laptops these days.
Amazing tool for your Mac in a world that is not 100% Mac yet	Feels flimsy and the HDMI out didn't work for me. Couldn't get it to work with Samsung DEX.
Small and portable	Material looks good and perfect for traveling.
Great unit for excellent connectivity	Just got a Surface Pro and needed to be able to connect external peripherals and an HDMI monitor.  This USB C Hub  dongle worked perfectly and was an easy plug and play.  No hassles.  No troubles.  I'd highly recommend this to others.
Just as promised	Works well and is easy to use.
Working really well!	This is a great hub/adapter for the newer MacBooks that come with just two USB-C slots.  If you have a lot of USB devices (external hard drive, thumb drives, etc.) to plug into my MacBook, like I do - this is the one for you.  It is also convenient and lightweight to take with you everywhere.
Great product, just I was looking for	Arrived on time and as advertised. Have had it for over a month and I’m very happy at how light it is and works very well.
Perfect Multiport for Mac Users	So far so good. this hub has worked great for me and does exactly what I need it to do. Ive had no issues connecting multiple devices into the hub and love how portable it is. I also love how the color matches my space grey macbook pro. I know there are a ton of hubs out there and I can't speak to them but I think this one is great.
Very compact and useful.	I bought this to join several devices, including my wireless Bluetooth mouse.  Apparently usb 3.0 intereferes with 2.4 GHz Bluetooth devices (google it), so my mouse won’t work reliably.  Returning.  Other than this, the product was very nice & the seller was very responsive (when I started the return, they informed me of the interference issue).
Great product	Seems solid and all ports respond appropriately.  The device was recognized without any issue.  I have not used every port at the same time, but using a couple is not a problem.
Great Value	We looked at a few different brands and all of them were so much money. We came across this brand and figured we'd give it a shot. It does exactly what it needs to do and doesn't hurt the bank. Thanks!
Perfect one!	conviente,easy to use
product was ok	works perfect , good quality
Worked great with my MacBook Air.	I've had no issues with this product yet so far. It works as promised.
Great material, super convenient for using	Quite simply, this does exactly what I wanted it to do. I use it to attach my MacBook Pro via HDMI, and as an adapter for my old USB drives/cords. Couldn't be happier with the product.
Why i like this product?	Really nice product!
Worked great with my MacBook Air.	This device came through. I needed it for my mac asap, and it did wonders. The price is to good to be true!
Very Versatile	Great companion for my macbook pro. Has a lot of ports and seems to be durable. I like the color and finish. You can tell that this is high quality material.
Great quality and value.	Works well! You simply plug it in and it works right away. I was able to use my Macbook 2018 with my old peripherals and devices with this hub. I definitely recommend it.
Very portable!	Brought this USB hub for my MacBook Pro. It’s been a week and tilldate, I did not have any problem.
Good product	Hasn’t given me any problems! I love all the different ports, especially when I am on the go.
GREAT FOR TRAVEL	Bought this to use on our hp chromebook.  It works perfectly and is super easy to travel with.
Functional and portable	This is a 6 in 1 device. There are 3 usb 3.0 ports, 1 HDMI, 1Micro SD, and 1 SD card slot. Also in the description it says that it has a USB C port to charge the computer but that does not exist.
Many IO options	I like how lightweight and small the product is, its good for traveling and on-the-go. I just stick it in my computer bag and I'm out the door. It works fast as well. It also matches the color of my 2019 MacBook Pro 13", so that's a plus!
Great	Superb product. Had it for 2.5 months. Love it so far
Super handy to have around!	This product has worked very well for me and the space gray matches my MacBook perfectly. Sleek, and very portable. Never had any issues with any of my cables connecting to it. Would highly recommend.
High Quality	sleek product that matches the the MacBook Pro space grey.
Good Value for Money	I bought this product to connect to my MacBook Pro. the quality of the product is great. It is very durable and connects well to both my laptop and printer. It is small enough that you can easily take it with you on the go. I highly recommend this product if you need to connect flash drives, memory cards, or your printer to your laptop.
It works with the New 2018 IPad Pro 11”	I recently upgraded to a MacBook Pro, which has only USB-C ports. This meant that I had to also upgrade my adapters so I could still give presentations on the road. This hub is a great addition, and by using only one of the USB-C ports, it provides all the inputs needed for HDMI, old-fashioned USB ports, plus it even has receptacles for SD and Micro-SD storage cards, so I can easily display photos, videos, and files that folks have on these media. The hub is compact and takes up very little space, which is important for presentations on the go. I highly recommend this addition to anyone's Road Warrior toolbox.
Why i like this product?	Its Great
compact solid attachment	works great.  Great price.  solid quality.
Great purchase	Bought this for my son to use with his Macbook that only has two usb-c ports. He needed the sd card reader for his digital camera as well as some usb ports to use flash drives and charge his phone.The unit is a nice size, he likes that it only takes up one of his laptop usb-c ports.This is a nice accessory and only has the ports he needs and uses.
Buenísimo producto	Love this hub.  Takes care of all my USB needs.  No complaints!
Worst device	Very useful and a great product
Fast delivery / High quality	It is the great  solution to expand the functionality of any devices with USB-C connections.It has a lot of extras ports!It is perfect and exactly what you need. I highly recommend this product as it solved all of my problems.
Great product for use when traveling.	Apple is a company that clearly has disdain for its consumers and can't bother to even include usable ports on their new products, but have no fear! This adapter does it all. Having 3 USB ports and the HDMI port really set it apart from some other similar products. It's sturdy, I recommend it.
Easy to use.	This is a must for new laptops which have few ports. Have used for a few months now, works perfect.
Delivers the goods at a fair price.	I would have given it 5 stars if it had an audio cable jack. I purchased this product because my work-issued laptop happens to be the latest Macbook Pro that I needed to connect to an external monitor. I always forget my other USB hub so after purchasing this I now have one both at office and home. I have not had any issue with it. A great find for a price. I would recommend it to anyone. Super Quick Update: I revised my review with this product. I really enjoy the multiple USB slots as it allows me to connect various devices (including power-sharing) with my Macbook Pro.
Buenísimo producto	As advertised. Works well. Small form factor with 3 usb, mini SD, and micro SD slots. Great for travel
Great	it is small and light. great portability.
Has everything you need	Have owned for about 2 months, so far so good. Much better than the cheaper alternative we had before which ruined our SD cards.
It works	All the ports work ain’t have no problem with this item
Very useful	It's a perfect fit. I bought this to transfer data from the old laptop to the new.
Great product!	Works just like I wanted it too and has all of the ports that I need.
Good Value for Money	I bought this for my new MacBook Pro and was really impressed. I had purchased a similar product from BestBuy for 3x as much and there was no difference besides the price. This is a great product for the price!
It works	It never worked. Bought this due to an important meeting and it never worked .
A++	I like the fact that it is compact enough and it works great... I have a USB mouse, USB headphone, HDMI monitor and printer connected to it and all of them work perfectly.
How does it work?	The most think I like about this USB Come Hub is that It is light weight and more reliable. Also the material quality is elegant and works really good.
Easy to use!!!	The USB hub works great! It has ports for everything I need for my photography. I can connect my external hard drive, SD card and more all at the same time! Works great! Exactly what I was looking for. Highly recommend!!!
Very portable!	this is an awesome product I recommend it to anyone. good for the money and great quality
Necessity for Apple Laptops	Newer laptops don't have USB ports and microSD ports. This add-on is a necessity to have all the possible functions in a laptop. Very sleek and thin and matches the aesthetic of my laptop.
Great service	I use this for my apple and work’s very good
Highly recommended	Have a laptop with only 2 ports?  This is perfect to give you all you need. I bought an XP 13 and this is simple and exactly what you need for ports.
Exactly what I wanted	I hastily bought another product that was similar to this one but did not have an SD card slot. It was more expensive and quite a bit larger. What I like about this product is that it is so small and light. It's surprising that it has 3 USB ports, an HDMI port as well a TF port.  I am really pleased with this USB C Hub Multiport Adapter - 7 in 1 Portable Space Aluminum Dongle. I highly recommend it.
Perfect	Works perfect for what I need. I have a surface go that only takes USB-C so now with this thing I can use my old jump drives and plug & play mouse.
Fast Data Transfer	arrived early, portable, easy to use.
Good item	Excellent quality. Allows me to connect a USB to the Type C connectors on my MacBook Pro
Love it	i bought this so i could have various ports for my macbook pro that only has the USB-C ports now. It works great and the quality feels nice. It’s also small enough to keep in a case and not be bulky at all.
Great purchase	Product is good quality as described and quick delivery
FlePow USB 3.1 Type C Docking Portable, light weight and great price	I use this for my MacBook Pro. With my original mac adapter, I would have issues losing connection when connecting an addition device. I'd have to play around with connecting and disconnecting until I got the both recognized. I've never had that issue with this. Connections are fast, reliable and it's handy to have multiple adapters in one.
It works	Video and audio are both clear. I work out to a yoga subscription on the WWW.
great quality	I like the functionality of the product and how high quality it is
Just what I needed!	With all the positive review, I thought this was going to be a great buy.  Undfortunately, the port doesn;t stay connected well and with the slightest movement of my computer, the devices disconnect aka external hard drive.  Since I'm afraid that will eventaully wipe the drive, I can;t use this at all.  The HDMI port was poor as well.
Many IO options	Worked great for my MacBook pro
Great product, just I was looking for	Plug and me play, it’s a no brained!
Works Well	Have not had any issues with the adapter. Matches the color to my laptop - and the cord has enough length where it’s close to the computer but still gives you room to adjust if needed. Would recommend.
Very Versatile	YOU CANNOT CHARGE YOUR COMPUTER THROUGH THIS. I have the MacBook that unfortunately only has 1 usb-c port. I bought this because I saw reviews and question answers saying you can charge with this, but you can’t. Only buy this if you are ok with it not allowing you to charge. Wish I could return
Works Well	The product has been very good so far.
Exactly what I was looking for!	UPDATED: Since my first review, the product has ceased to work.-------------------------------I bought this to use with a Microsoft surface so I could connect it to the TV and have a larger monitor at home, as well as to use external hard drives and USB drives. So far, everything has worked great. Seems to be made of a decent material and easily fits into a computer bag.
Buenísimo producto	It is very fast and sleek.  I highly recommend this product!
The best mini hub for traveling	Really like the parcel. Came in brand new! It works too! Really excited to use. Easy and light! Recommend!
Small, practical, and convenient	Great USB Hub, but HDMI does NOT work on Windows 10 laptop.USB and microsd works great.Cannot get the HDMI to work on my laptop (HP14) running windows 10.
Slim and sturdy	Excellent!  recommended!
Looks good	love it
Works perfectly. No loss of connection	My MacBook Pro is great, but not exactly the most versatile machine when it comes to use with different thumb drives or connections. This device has made it simple (at a very affordable price!) to connect to all my thumb drives and to make my MacBook Pro a projector when I need to use it on a 'big screen.' So thankful for this ability, and great to find it at such a great price!
Works as advertised	This product is just what you need to be able to connect usb, sd card, charge your macbook, etc.
Works as Expected	Great product for my MacBook Pro.
Great for every application	Works great, can use my TV as my laptop now with the HDMI adapter/connector. Very pleased with the purchase.
Working great	This product arrived on time and has worked precisely as described since I got it. I can use multiple USB 3.0 devices simultaneously with my Macbook Air, which only has 2 USB C ports. And the HDMI is very convenient.
High Quality and Useful Product	Good design and works perfectly. Easy to use and portable design.
Great product!	Product works great, makes using multiple accessories so much easier!
Very compact and useful.	Arrived just fine! Very useful.
High quality hub	Works exactly as expected.  Shipped quickly.
The Item as described	Exactly What I was looking for!
received ; as advertised	Have not use a lot, but the aluminium and the thick rubber coating of the USB-C cable feels great. Appears to be of good quality, light and sturdy. Also there are no sharp edges, everything is round and smooth, perfect for travel.
Everything I need and more	This worked great to add USB's to my laptop.
You now have options from a small device. Been searching for*	For my Surface Pro 7. No issues with a HDMI connection and external USB devices.
One of the best out there	This adapter is one of the best out there! I had a different adapter that had the option to charge my laptop through the adapter. That was a terrible choice because the manual said in order to use even an external hard drive, you would need to plug in the laptop charger.This is light, fast, and portable. I transferred about 10 GBs of 4K video and it took a couple minutes. Not bad in my opinion.
Works	Works good
Does exactly what it is supposed to do	I used this to hookup older hardware to my work issued new Dell XPS Laptop that I received in January, 2020. Since the laptop had only the USB-C hookups and one SD Card port, I needed an adapter like this to use my legacy equipment.Virtually all my ancillary hardware was older USB style hookups, thumbdrives, an SD Card that I rarely use anymore, and an HDMI monitor. All items worked from the first time I hooked them up with no issues. I used my wireless Mouse, thumb drives with the Monitor hookup all the time without any issues. I did check out the SD Card I mentioned above and had no problems with its operation either.My laptop was loaded with Windows software and had absolutely no issues. I know many of the reviews I read were for Apple products, but I only use Windows/Office 365.I highly recommend this product.
High speed, powered by usb port, and works FINE with 500GB ssd's!	I seriously bought it hoping it would be good because of the 5 stars and the reviews. Think twice before buying. I plug my printer into the USB and it doesn't work, try another USB... still doesn't work. Replace the whole thing with another dongle, then my printer worked. There, immediately, i submit to Amazon for a return. Really?
Exactly what I needed	number of ports - works very well
More Than Expected	This adapter is great and is exactly what I was looking for. The additional usb ports work well and can serve as a way to charge your phone and plug in an external hard drive or some other usb. In addition, the hdmi cable functions properly as well. The only improvement I would like to see is the cable being a little bit longer.
Well designed!	Product works just as described!
A++	This dongle is like a Swiss Army Knife. With only USB-C in/outputs on my new MacBook Pro, this dongle is very handy. I can hook up my second monitor, a CD drive, my scanner, and I can even insert the SD card from my Sony camera. Goof purchase.
Great for every application	Great product, for a great price.
How does it work?	This is the best thing ever i needed for my laptop!! I'm so glad i got this I love it already it's like a gift from god!!!
Fantastic value and great performance	The product does not work if you have a Macbook Pro 15ich with Touch Bar. I tried connecting my phone through the USB ports and it wouldn't charge my phone at all. Same goes for my Ipad, it would say "Not charging".
it's convenience to carry around!!!!!	Got it for my macbook so I can hook up to my tv and use a flashdrive and what not, and it's easy as literally plugging it in
Good for Surface Go	I've been using this product for more than a week now in a theatre show for projections. The HDMI port works great! The USB ports also work great for my USB light as well as charging my phone. And both SD slots work great for transferring video footage from our camera and my GoPro! Overall a great product!
Works just as described and has a nice weight to it - real metal	I bought this USB hub to expand my port availability in my car and it looks awesome!  It's a decent size to find the ports, but compact enough that I can hide it in the glove compartment / center console.  This allows me to keep a SSD, dragy, charging ports all at the same time which was what I was looking for...I have not run all of these devices at once so I cannot comment if there is any decrease in power to any USB port, but can update this later if someone requests!All in all, serves my needs for a compact USB hub that'll attach my components to the car...
Cell use	Very good build quality that matches the look and feel of the laptop. Also works just as expected and has not let me down! Highly recommend!
Makes my laptop more useable	This adapter is great and meets all my needs.
Very very happy	Nice and Compact. Functional and looks really nice.
Fit perfectly into my MacPro	Works as advertised.
Extends your memory and ports!	This has all the ports I needed and the best price I could find. The build quality seems to be solid. I'm very happy with my purchase!
Great product	Light weight, awesome build quality, and very portable!
Yes yes yes! A MUST buy for any new Mac users!	With the new mac book pro there's never enough ports for all my devices. This had exactly what I needed. I've had no issues with connection. I like that it is not attached directly to the side like some other hubs. It has a nice couple inches away that way I don't have to worry about knocking it or bending the connections. The shipment arrived in a timely manner. Very happy with my purchase.
Did the job without fuss	Material quality is good, good for travelling. It would have been great if has 2 HDMI instead of 1.Overall it is a value for what I have paid.
Great product for use when traveling.	fast delivery, works very well. thanks.
Great product	This is a great little hub, perfect size for travel or for everyday use.
Great functioning USB Hub	The product arrived one day early and has a great build quality for its price. currently convincing my sister to purchase one for her laptop.
Great all in one device.	The product worked GREAT with my new macbook pro!
Extremely durable. You want these with a hard connect as this product has because it lasts longer.	plenty of input hdmi, sd, usb, and tf inputs. great product
Easy to use!	So far exactly as described, works great to connect extra devices to by type C laptop.  Compact & portable and can be stored in box it was packaged in when not in use.
Works great with everything but my iPad	I shopped around for USB Hub for my new lap top. This turned out to work perfict. I would recomend this to anyoneJulie.
Matches space gray looks and works well	Only received an empty box, nothing in it.
Works	Great
Great Product!	Perfect mini hub for its size. Multiple ports are very useful for transferring photos from an SD card to your computer. Overall, it works very well and is easy to use and I would recommend others to purchase it.
Very Versatile	Good quality metal housing. 3 USB 3.0s, HDMI, SD & TF cards. I wish it had the USB-C charger port, but there are 3 other ports on my Macbook for that.
Works grate	nice little ports
Simple but effective!	The product fulfills my needs for extra ports on my MacBook Air. There have been no problems so far, and the hub is in amazing condition with a couple of scratches due to obvious wear and tear.
Gets the job done	Love it exactly what i was looking for
Exactly what I needed for my Mac	I had it for couple of weeks now and I gotta say this works like a charm! Easy to use, plug and play on my Note 10+. Yes this adapter is compatible with Note 10+ and you can use samsung dex with this adapter.
Just what I needed!	Extremely useful product. It makes so much easier to use my computer. For this price it is excellent quality. There is not that many options on this USB-Hub especially for this price. However this one is much more cheaper and has triple USP ports and all parts works very well. It fits perfectly to my Mac. It is powerful and fast. I recommend this product.
Great adapter!	works flawlessly,now i am waiting for new ipad os update!
A++	Works as expected.  Great quality at great price
Multiport Adapter	very useful. it's got all the ports!
Multiport Adapter	It's been great so far!
Great features!	I ordered this USB C hub to use with my MacBook Pro (16-inch, 2019). It's compact enough to travel easily with me in any of my travel bags. My MBP is gray as is the adapter, so the color coordination is a plus. The product is simple, plug and play and all connected components work no problem. I use the USB ports for many USB devices, including storage devices, phone charges, wireless keyboards/mouse. The HDMI and SD slots work seamlessly as well.  I would definitely recommend the product and would purchase again if needed.
Works great and we use it daily it’s been a great thing to have.	Used SD card reader and the USB port for ethernet connectivity. All worked well. It's small and I kept it in the box for it's travel case.
It works !	Adapter works great and amazing build quality! Use it on the iPad Pro 11in and works flawlessly with multiple hard drives and the SD card inserted at once.
FlePow USB 3.1 Type C Docking Portable, light weight and great price	This was a great investment for my Macbook Air at half the cost. I paid about $17 for this and it has helped me do duel screen with ease. It's a simple plugin and disconnect when done. It's great for my USB charger for my iPhone as well due to the laptop only has two Type C-USB ports. It's very portable to throw in my backpack and go. i would highly recommend this one.
Full Featured Device	It works as advertised. I haven’t had any problems with this multiport adaptor. Note I don’t have need for all of the options included, I mainly use the hdmi and usb ports.
Does the Job	This HUB works great!I am able to connect my external display, phone charger, and sd card to edit videos all at the same time! This device is AMAZING!!
Small and portable but sturdy	Great dongle! I had another dongle but it was bulky and cheap looking (it also didn't have an HDMI port), so I decided to get this one based on other reviews. It did not disappoint! It's really compact and light, so it won't be a bother to take it with me when I work away from my home or office. The quality of the materials is good too. I recommend it!
Longevity of item very very short	Easy to use and reliability plus quality is exceptional. Ideal for travel or on the go with its compact design. I use this frequently and like the multiple connections available.
Perfect	Works ok
Love it!	I recently got the new MacBook Pro (16-inch, 2019)...which only has the USB-C ports.  So I wanted an all-in-one adapter that allowed me to plug all my stuff into it.  I really like this adapter.  All the ports work perfectly...and of course, I was very happy with the price.  It's also very compact and takes up little space in my backpack.  I looked at a lot of options and landed on this one.  I'm very happy with it after consistantly using it for a month now.
Does a good job	Looks great works great.
Good product	It works great with my new Mac Book Pro. Delivery was on time with no issues. Would definitely recommend this product.
Small and portable	Super convenient product, affordable price and good quality.
HDMI port does not work very well	Excellent product. Nice having all the different ports for camera SD cards, HDMI, and USB ports for maximum “bang for your buck”.
exactly what I was looking for	I purchased this adapter to be able to read my SD card easily.  The product performs as expected and I am happy with my purchase.  It's also nice to have the USB ports, though I don't use them a lot, aside for the wireless mouse.  I'd definitely recommend to others.
Matches space gray looks and works well	easy to carry around and use
Good product	Came very handy, compatible with my mac air 2018 I just bought and have all the ports I need.
Great product	The hub is described as a 7-1 in the title.  In the description it says that it has 1 HDMI, 3 USB 3.0, 2 Cards and a USB C Power Delivery. What I received was a 6-1. It has everything except the USB-C PD. After taking a closer look at the images, it shows a 6-1 hub and says upgraded 6-1 in the item specs. I wanted to be able to charge/power my devices without impacting my laptop/tablet battery while the hub was plugged in. Without the USB-C Power Delivery this is not possible.
Great product	Works exactly as expected. I've had it several months now and had no issues with it.
It works	Great product
Good	I initially thought this would be cheap material but it functions perfectly and was great for editing on the go.
Very useful product reasonably priced	Very light weight and portable USB hub. Better than what i expected.
Great all inclusive Multiport Adapter	All the connections I need in a compact and easy use form.  Fits easily in my laptop bag.
More Than Expected	This is an excellent hub.  Very good build quality and I love the fact that it has 3 usb ports.
Great features!	I enjoy the fact that there are multiple ports for multiple uses for my laptop. I was used to having USB ports from my previous laptop. So it was alien to me having only one port for my MacBook 12" (late 2017). I enjoy that I can use it for different USB's and cables for my cellphone! It is definitely not bulky and small enough to place in the laptop bag for travel.
Excellence	Just received the product and stuck my 2 USB 3.0 drives and an HDMI cable in it. Works seamlessly! The build quality also looks and feels really sturdy. Let's see how this functions over time.
Does exactly what it is supposed to do	I read the previous reviews and decided to get this hub for my wife's new Dell laptop since it had a USB-C connector and I was currently using 1 powered and one non powered hub to connect all her desktop accessories. With this hub and the USB 3.0 connectors on the laptop she no longer needs a powered hub (for the backup hard drive) and everything gets all the power it need. This also makes it much easier to travel both in number of devices/power bricks and weight. This USB-C hub is an excellent value and a quality product.
Works AMAZING!	Super slick design with all the ports that you will need. As a videographer I use this product on the daily and it has never failed me. I would 100% recommend purchasing this USB C HUB Multiport Adapter.
Small and portable but sturdy	This computer accessory is a great tool, especially with the SD card reader to instantly upload photos. I will say it is a bit bulky, however it allows for so many different attachments and connections. I am very pleased and would recommend to a friend.
Amazing Product!	Very high quality finish and the connector has all the ports that I need. It has fast responses for USB data transfer. Also, the sleek design is perfect for traveling. Absolutely loving it.
I love it	I have really enjoyed using this adapter.  It's been very useful for my photography, and I have been very impressed with the quality of the product.  Would definitely buy again if needed.  10/10
As described, good quality	Its practice product but unfortunately it docent work with MacBook Pro.
The Item as described	Works great and matches my MacBook perfectly.
Great product	I have purchased two of these, one for at work and one at home. Both of them emit a terrible whining sound when under varying amounts of load. They seem to want to be loaded down to get the least amount of whining, but it's terribly uncomfortable to be sitting in the same room when you only have a single device plugged into it. It's obvious that the power supply circuits inside it are designed like trash. Trash, I say!One good thing (if you could call it that) is that when I put some voltage on it that it didn't like, it fried itself instead of letting the voltage go back into my USB port. So, effectively, it acted as a fuse. At least it made it to where I no longer feel like I'm wasting my money by throwing it away, so there's that. Silver lining.
Solid Adapter	Works great with a Samsung S5e tab. Makes my new tab as useful as my laptop for travel!
Delivers the goods at a fair price.	Pro'sWorks Fully well with my HP Omen 17 GTX 2080 (HDMI tested as well and it works w/ my laptop only). All other ports work well with my Samsung Galaxy Tab 10 10.1 2019.Con'sDoesn't work at all w/ my Samsung Galaxy S10 Phone. The reason it has received a 4 out of 5. Samsung Galaxy Tab 10 10.1 2019, HDMI won't display device on my 4K TV when plugged to Tablet.Future Tip - New Samsung Galaxy phones w/ USB C ports are incompatible with almost any USB C that isn't a charging cable. Some of these android devices however might allow you to use a secret code for android that must be dialed "*#7284#" and when you call, if your android code responds correctly, you'll be prompted to switch how your phone interacts with USB C, otherwise your phone will state, "Service Code Not Supported".Overall, if I could get the device to work w/ my phone I would give it a 5 out of 5 and would highly recommend it. No fix found and will update if a solution is found. Good news for this product is that Android is at fault for the incompatibility, not this adapter.
Works great with everything but my iPad	This USB hub is fantastic, reliable, and best of all, very cheap compared to other products. I would 100% recommend this product. The finish of the product even matches that of my space gray MacBook. This is a must-buy!
Great product!	solid construction. doesn't feel light or cheap. works as it should.
Very Durable	I am loving this item!!! I needed this additional adapter for my new Macbook and so far, it's awesome! No complaints here!!!
HDMI port does not work very well	I’d loved it!!! It is very easy to use everyday. I do highly recommended it to my family and friends.
Great tech item for those who need more connections	It's extremely compact and has all of the basic adapters you'd need. Great price and value.
Excellent hub that does the job	I recently got a new laptop that only has one USB port, that houses the mouse conector, and I need to plugin things that have USB connectors.  I looked at Best Buy for something like this and what they had was $100 and physically twice as big. This has been great and I have not had any problems with it.
GOOD BUY.	So far, it's been pretty good at connecting my usb to my macbook.  The wire is a tad rigid and could be longer, but the product does what it's supposed to do.
Does a good job	I like the feel of this product. Feels very high quality. It's survived my toddlers planning with it so it's pretty durable. It's everything I expected.
Well designed!	Nice USB hub!
Very Versatile	I got this to have multiple ports because I have a MacBook Air and it only has two USB seaport and I just wanted multiple ports. It works perfectly and is very portable. I definitely recommend this to anybody who needs it.
The perfect buy	The product is absolutely great! It works great! 10/10 recommend.
It just works.	The hub is perfect for what I need. I use it for my hdmi external monitor and my iPhone charger and usb drives.  Awesome.  Works great.
Small and portable	Great product for the price, portable and works as expected.
Extends your memory and ports!	i just received the package, and i tried it with my lenovo tablet. i don't really like using the touchscreen feature especially when i am using Excel, and my main purpose for buying this is so i can use a wireless mouse. And I'm so thankful this worked.
Works as advertised with a much cooler temperature	Definitely worth it. Exactly what I was looking for. Affordable and gives me the space I needed to view and use more files. It has worked perfectly.
Good purchase	perfect to carrying in my bag for daily use
The best mini hub for traveling	It works great with my new macbook to connect with my printer. Recommend to buy!
Good USB-C hub to connect a 2nd display on Macbook Pro	I loved this! It works really well. I bought it several months ago and it seems to be holding up fine. It's a really good deal for the price because the product contains all of the ports you'll need. It's a lot cheaper than buying Apple's adapter.
Game Changer Adapter! Awesome!	Good item, high quality. If you need extra help with anything though, the seller won't help. Amazon will but not the seller, they're unreachable after you pay them sadly
Very good, not perfect	I am new to using a MAC laptop, so I didn't realize I couldn't just plug in my flash drive. This adapter has been a lifesaver for me, since I work at several locations and use other computers.
Good product	Like the weight and look of it. Works good.
Great addition to make iPad Pro more useful	Each n everything about this adapter is best along with the best-built quality! It feels premium while using this adapter and is very fast for transfers through devices.
Convenient hub	I bought this adapter for my wife to use on her MacBook since she only has one port.  I do wish there was still a way to charge the laptop while this is plugged in; however, I thought it worked ok. We have some issues with transferring video through the HDMI output slot.  Currently only the sound is transferred and we do not get any video. Not sure what else can be done, or if anyone else experienced these issues. Something to be aware of.Update: Their customer service was extremely helpful and will be sending a replacement hub. One of the more convenient customer service experiences I have had.
Small Portable USB Adapter	Works as expected and the color matches perfectly with my Mac. However the resolution on the HDMI port maxes as 2K and doesn’t support full 4K.But for the price and form factor and number of ports, this an excellent companion for Mac when traveling.
Great material, super convenient for using	I have no complaints about this product. It is sleek, attaches to the computer and stays plugged in, transfers information fast, and does everything I need it to do. It also matches my space-grey MacBook perfectly, which is another plus. Recommended product!
Looks good	Nice size. Looks sleek.
Very well constructed and dependable.	I've ordered the adapter a month or so ago, and it has been very useful at work. I can now charge my laptop, use the USB port, and the HDMI connector!
Great unit for excellent connectivity	I bought this as a work around for my daughter. She has a MacBook Pro. She is having a problem with her printer not able to send her documents she scans over her network to her computer. Her printer has an SD card that you can send the scans to. This little device works great for her - she can scan documents to the SD card and then plug the SD card into her computer. Works great. Seems to be well made. Cord is a little shorter than I would like but she is OK with it. Overall, glad I saw this and picked it up for her.
GREAT FOR TRAVEL	Nice accessory to expand limited ports on new MacBook Airs.  Decent build and looks sharp.  Has the look and feel like an apple product.
Great product	I got this because I was stupid and purchased a laptop that only had a couple of the teeny tiny USB C ports, conveniently forgetting all my devices with connectors are USB A. Then I went looking for the SD card slot I thought was on the machine. Again, I'm an idiot because there was nothing of the sort. It was a *micro* SD slot. Jeepers Creepers on a Cracker! So I was mostly out of business until I got some fresh hot connectors. My life (while using the computer) was a living hell until this product arrived. I got it yesterday and immediately employed it for its intended use. It did the jobs it was asked to do, just fine, without complaining or fussing or reporting any "fake news". And I'm really happy it doesn't have a fake spray tan like the inept president of the USA--this thing has a sleek look and feel. Seems sturdy enough, doesn't feel flimsy or cheap. Cheers to a multi-function device that does what it says it will. For once, I don't feel used by an online retailer's overly enthusiastic description of how perfectly this will meet my needs. Because this time, it actually does.
Small and portable	Works as advertised
Great product	Works great !!
Very high quality!	When I got my new macbook pro, I loved everything about it other than the fact that I couldn't plug in any of my ports until I came across this product and it made my life so much easier. It has all the ports you will ever need and it is all packed into a small package which is the best part. I use this product for school and it fits right into my bag and works perfectly every single time. It has never given me any problems and the build quality is really good and I would definitely buy this product again.
Great quality!!	all the parts worked perfectly fine. the cable length is perfect. and the build quality is amazing. this does not feel cheep and feels like it was made by apple themselves. would buy again.
Works grate	Does what I need it to do, works great.
Works better than my other purchase that cost substantially more...	It's the perfect accessory for the new port even used it to project the game from my computer... worked perfectly through the HDMI port
Good quality for the price	compact and enough ports for all my things. good quality
One of the best out there	So far I like this product - great price for all the different port types. The only thing I don't like is that the cord to the laptop is super stiff and doesn't bend to the side very easy like the pictures reflect - which makes it stick out all awkward and takes up space - and when I try to bend it around to the side it rolls and twists - but whatever, I'll live.
Perfect product	It works well but I’ve only had it for like 5 days so let’s see!
Perfect	The USB C HUB is great and very convenient. Since my Macbook doesn't have ports to insert USB or hdmi cords, this HUB has all the slots I need to be functional.
Seems durable	This usb c hub is amazing and a perfect size it word great with my 2019 MacBook Pro
You now have options from a small device. Been searching for*	I use this pretty much every day. The 3 usb ports are great for peripherals and the cards readers are super fast for uploads of photos. I had to get another adapter for my monitor to the HDMI port but it works wells. Really happy that my laptop picks up the hubs quickly when I plug it in. Will buy another one for my other laptop.
Versatile	Small, all the sockets work, theres no problem with the cables!
Good	Good
Seems durable	Prefer this over others that need to plug into the side of a MacBook Pro.  Less chance of damage and more options for using all the ports.
One of the best out there	This is exactly what I needed! Since my MacBook Pro didn’t come with these particular ports this device is perfect for my needs. It’s super compact and fits perfectly in my laptop bag. Doesn’t take up a lot of space. Works great for when Im uploading photos or needing to print something. I highly recommend this hub!!
It works fine for the money	Very nice product! It seems very well made and its been working great without any issues. I definitely recommend it!
Very compact and efficient	Super easy to use. Data transfer is very fast and flawless with multiple plug-ins. Compact enough for easy storage while traveling.
Great sleek and sturdy semi-compact product.  * 4.5/5 *	Seems great! This has the exact configuration of ports that I needed. I got one with a cord rather than a direct mount so I can hide the cords under my desk. For travel and photography I would prefer a smaller one with just a memory card slot and without a cord. I don't notice any speed delays with my external hard drive but I have not done an actual test. The space gray matches Apple's space gray and the style and feel of it is sleek.
One of the best out there	I was weary of unplugging zip drives so that I could plug in the printer cable all day long, so looked for this little accessory. It works perfectly, and now can use multiple thumb drives and the printer at the same time, in our new work from home world.
Great adapter!	Works Great, no issues at all.  amazing product for the price!!
Awesome, works great!	This has been a really useful, well made, USB-C multi-use adaptor. I actually have several of these to compare in terms of quality of functionality, and I'll say this one works as well as any of them but has the most ports and different inputs with which it can be used. I'd give this one an A+.
Simple and work perfectly	WAYYYYY better than the similar last product from a different company that I was using. Easy installation. Incredibly functional. I use it every day.
Disappointed	It's pretty well built and fits perfect in my laptop bag. I like having all the extra ports to use with my hard drives and thumb sticks. The hdmi is good too. All in all, I think it was a good purchase.
Just as promised	very nice product
Great addition to my Chromebook.	Perfect. Just what I needed for my MacBook Pro (13-inch, 2019, Four Thunderbolt 3 ports). So far, so good. :-)
Works as advertised with a much cooler temperature	It works and has plenty of ports. Inconvenient to have to keep track of yet one more piece of Apple laptop, but this is a quality piece at a fair price.
Very solid build and portable for the price.	Almost perfect. This product is great for the price.  It has 6 different ports, micro sd, sd, 3 usb, and a hdmi port. The only other thing I wish it did have was another type c port.
high quality product.	Very good hub! Exactly what I needed. I'm going to order another one to use when I travel!
Great product.	No complaints, Does what is intended to do.
Great quality and value.	Sometimes I haveto unplug and plug back in to get it to work, but rarely. Sometimes the device i am connecting to plays a loud static sound when using this device and I open a new page
Gadget saver	This adapter is an excellent buy for the price.  I've had it for a few months now - it works great, and would absolutely recommend it to anyone.  Would 100% purchase again for myself, or as a gift to someone who needs one.
Very useful	I really liked that this hub was flat and could easily be stored in my laptop sleeve. It has so many ports and was very affordable. No problems so far and I don't forsee any. Would buy again and recommend.
Great product	works great with apply macbook that doesn't have plug ins for extras
Portable, solid, and well-made	Good value for the money. I was expecting a cheap plastic device but was surprised to see a sturdy device that looks expensive and matches my MacBook Pro. I have only used the USB port so far and it worked seamlessly with all my devices. I would highly recommend this product
Very Great	Good product with good price
Perfect one!	Love how sleek it is!
Works like a charm!	That all was I need
Exactly what I wanted	It says it works via a usb c connection. then it says not to use wireless adapters because it interferes. I bought one that goes off usb 3.0 and no issues with my wireless keyboard and mouse or bluetooth game pads. However trying this usb c one you wont get it to work,. not even normal usb drives will be read. save your money and avoud this garbage
Works great with everything but my iPad	Used this recently to pull pics off a micro SD card, I plug my iPhone into it all the time, as well as other USB peripherals. The only issue I have with it is that it doesn't seem to provide enough juice to charge my iPad when I plug it in. Otherwise, works great. I do like the number of options it provides for connecting other media.
Good product	The build quality of this product is excellent. It did everything that I hoped for and more. I highly recommend this product because it is well-made, works as expected, and is highly portable.
Great for adding a second external HDMI monitor and more USB ports to a laptop	I used this to extend or to just make my laptop screen lager but also allow my Surface Pro 7 to have more ports for me to use especially the HDMI port. It would be cool if it had some sort of ethernet port but this one worked well for me because the HDMI port is at the end of the hub
Great product!	This adapter is great. Has everything I need and works as advertised.
Great	Great Product
received ; as advertised	I didn't expect much from the picture. but the slick texture gives it a pretty good high tech feel. tried all the slots and they worked with no issues. affordable.thanks guys
Good product	Works perfectly for my first usb-c hub. Connected a usb and a hard drive to see how it all transfers and processes multiple tasks and I’ve had no issues at all.
I love it	Outstanding Product to go with Mackbook Pro ! ! Worked like breeze !! Ideally should have an additional Ethernet port . Does not heat up when working and colour exactly matches the finish of Grey Mackbook Pro.
It really has all the ports	Well made quality product
Adds needed functionality for the MacBook pro	Got this for my new MacBook Pro and it has been very useful! Great price too! Amazing quality!
Perfect Multiport for Mac Users	At first I was a little concerned as the price was very low.  But now that I have it I am glad I bought it.It is constructed well, works with OSX on MacBook Air, Windows 10 on Acer Laptop and even works with Hackintosh.Just a great little travel hub.
Great addition to my Chromebook.	Did not work as an "on the go" (OTG) item with my note 9. Worthless for my use.
Great value. Works real well.	Great quality. Portable. Good looking and functioning hub. Nicely complements my space gray MacBook.
Functional	I ordered this to use with my MacPro 2019. The product was delivered on time and the price was reasonable; actually, a steal when compared to other similar products.The product is truly plug-n-play. I did not have to do anything to get it to work. Just plug it in and start using it. I used the USB ports, SD port, and the HDMI port. All of them worked well and the speed was adequate, that is, I did not notice any sluggishness. Finally, it is lightweight and compact which makes it easy to carry.Highly recommend this product!
Good Adapter	I have been using this from couple of weeks and works really good. I would say worth for price I paid.
Works Well	Very easy to leave attached to Mac.  Good value for price.  Only concern is the movement of adapter on its possible wear and tear on its Mac plug in point of attachment.
Why i like this product?	love it!!!  it works well on my macbook pro! thank you guys for this
received ; as advertised	A great product! Light, convenient, and effective.  Definitely worth the money! I would highly recommend it.
Full Featured Device	I was blown away at how easily this device stores away and how It makes it possible to keep all my devices connected to my new device . I would recommend this product . It seems to be of great quality .
Very Satisfied	I don’t like the chord that it comes with and also there’s some out there for a way cheaper price.
Good quality for the price	Super useful, good product for a solid price! Gives lots of flexibility with the multi functionality
Perfect for whatever you need an extension for	The product is great and a good value for money. All the peripherals are working fine. The only issue is that the cord seems to be a little delicate and it causes connection issues sometimes even it is disturbed slightly . The HDMI and USB port are great and I use it regularly for my work.
USB C Hub Multiport Adapter use	I purchased this adapter to use with my Macbook Pro.  Happily it works great and I have more flexibility with the multiple options available.
This is amazing for MacBook Pro !!	I have been using it for a few days but it already saved my life. I can connect my usb, and my mouse at the same time! Sp happy with the purchase.
I love it!	Works amazing with the ipad pro 3rd generation, really easy to use. I love it...
Solid product	the item was top notch and of high quality
The best mini hub for traveling	I have been using it for almost 2 months now, and it has never once given me any problems. Liking it so far.
5 Star product	Excellent and easy to use. Highly recommend this product.
Just About Perfect	Recently purchased a Macbook pro which comes with limited ports. Apple store had an adapter with limited options at sky high price and we tried this economic alternative with variety of ports and works well. You can use an SD card and a micro SD. The multiple ports are useful especially because we use an external mouse. A lot of extras ports! (One 4K HDMI port, 2 SD reader outputs, 1 USB C charging connector, and 3 USB 3.0 ports). Great all in one adapter at reasonable price.
Very convenient to coral everything in one place	I needed a hub for my Macbook since upgrading.  I am a photographer/videograhper and needed to be able to access and upload data from my SD cards and transfer data to hard drives. This hub checks every box.Simple design and not made cheaply. the only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because sometimes (very rare now) i will have to reinsert a card a few times for it to register.  This has not happened in a while though.Great quality, great price.
Good Value for Money	The product look solid and of high quality and not cheap like other hubs at this price. It is very convenient for everyday use because  its small size allow you to take it everywhere with you. I highly recommend it!
The best mini hub for traveling	Solid, well made, would highly recommend.
Plug and play! No issues!	Perfect fit, works great and looks great. Nice slim design. Powers perfectly.
Very high quality!	Love the feel of this product first of all; it definitely feels more high end than other USB hubs I've seen. I've been using it for about 4 months now, and it works seamlessly with every connection, every time. Love this hub. If you own a new model Macbook, this product is a MUST HAVE. Last note, it doesn't overheat like other USB hubs I've seen either. You will love this thing.
great hub	Works perfectly
Good adapter	This USB C hub works great with my MacBook Air. I use it to connect my monitor with an HDMI, wireless keyboard, and mouse to my Mac. I have been using the hub for 4 months and have not had any issues with it. I download pictures and files by plugging in USB drives and SD cards and it works great. I have taken it with me on my travels and have had not problems with it. Very useful!
Nice design!	Easy to use, works well and is fast. Slightly lager than I thought it would be but not cumbersome to use.
Works perfectly. No loss of connection	Check to make sure the graphics on your Chromebook can handle it, but I couldn't find a previous mention of it working for Chromebooks.  At such a cheap price, I thought it was worth a shot....glad I did!.
Works great!	It’s very nice to carry and slim. Better than any other product found online
Awesome product	Very fairly priced product. I use it to connect my MacBook Pro to external backup drive and various other devices such as printer, external monitor, mouse and keyboard. It has worked flawlessly for the months I have had it so far.
It works fine for the money	I ordered this thinking it was something else.  The customer service department handled it excellently.  Thank you!
Works as advertised	I’m very happy with this purchase. It’s a good quality/price product, would highly recommend it!
Worth every penny!	This is a necessary attachment with any MacBook and MacBook Pro. This allows me to have a variety of things attached to my computer.  Worked immediately once plugged in.
easy to use	I'm very happy with this adapter. Solidly constructed with a metal casing that matches my MacBook Pro. Light and small enough for travel. Definitely recommended.
Great all in one device.	Everything's really good with this product. The quality is awsome, the product looks and feels great.
Works just as described and has a nice weight to it - real metal	This USB C Hub works just as described. I tested each port on the hub and they all seemed to work properly (which is something I'm always concerned about with hubs). The hub also has a nice weight and feel to it. It feels robust and sturdy in my hands. Overall its a great product.
Micro as direct to ipad	Great product. Like the variety of connections
Very Great	easy to travel with and seems built solid.
Wont work with only Samsung note 9	This product is a lot studier than I thought it would be, it also helped me discover Samsung DeX, their built in desktop interface. It won't bring up DeX with my Note 9+ but it will work with the S8+. There isn't a power adapter on the unit, but I think you should be able to use it with a wireless charger, not confirmed though, using your phone as a desktop is pretty cool though thanks to this product for showing me that possibility.
Convienient	Works as billed.
Plug and Play	it works perfectly. helped my key board to work with my Mac.efficient usage
Exactly what I needed for my Mac	This is the perfect Hub - I can connect my USB printer and my USB external hard drive and other USB device at the same time.  Also works great to connect my mac to my smart TV via HDMI.  And a great price!
Makes your Macbook useful	Well made, functional and portable. The perfect addition for adding ports.
Works as expected	I made this purchase because previously I used a different hub that went directly into my computer (with no chord) and it would always disconnect from my computer whenever I even slightly touched it. I do NOT have that problem with this hub, it has never come disconnected on me and has been very reliable. I would definitely recommend this style hub to anyone who gets a laptop that needs this type of adaptor. Great product!
need longer flexible cord	I ordered this item after borrowing a similar item from my brother.  I ordered because this version had more connection types.  I will really impressed with the size of the item.  When using my brother's, it was bulky and I had to remove my MAC cover to attach.  That was not the case with this item.  I highly recommend.
This is exactly what was advertised	I am using this hub for my Macbook Pro, so far I love it.  Build quality is awesome and the cord is long enough to remain non intrusive.  Handles all the essentials.  Color is a dark aluminum and pair with the Mac well.  Thumbs up strong recommend from me so far.
Just as promised	Good quality and a good size.
Seems durable	Top build quality. Perfect for my Macbook.
Good for Surface Go	As a student, I really needed this product and it does the job. I use it for presentations, connecting my mouse, and also transferring photos. Really impressed with the quality!
Hight quality hub	We purchased this to support the need to have access to multiple devices and have found that this product works great!
Easy to use and good quality	This product does exactly what it says it will do, and at a reasonable cost.  It's smaller than I thought it would be, which is great because I don't have a lot of space.  I really only needed it for the USB connection, but for the price, I figured why not have all of the other slots too!
Works well	Seems to be well made.  Was not clear on site or in user manual if it was compatible with my Yoga.  Support confirmed it was.  Will update if necessary after I use the card reader functionality.
This is amazing for MacBook Pro !!	This product has compact design with 6 ports integrated into one hub. It is easy to use and matches well with my computer. I give 5 star for its high value compared to its reasonable cost.
IPad pro bff	So far it does exactly what I want. It's small & hookup to my iPad pro with 0 issues!
Great product	I would like to give a positive feedback, easy to use and have all the required slots for an apple to non-apple products. it works very well.
Delivers the goods at a fair price.	PROS-  - Build Quality  - HDMI Port  - Size / Portability  - Price (currently ~20$ was ~25 when I purchased it)CONS-  - A little large (But only due to the number of ports, my purchase choice)  - Connecting wire is rigid... That's it reallyThoughts ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I searched extensively for a reasonably priced USB-C hub for my HP Spectre. The Spectre has a USB-A and 3 USB-C ports, sadly my type-A port no longer functions meaning I can no longer use flash drives, SSD's, or any wire with a USB connection. I saw this product on amazon, and it was exactly what I was looking for, it had three USB-A ports and even an HDMI which is great. The price was fairly reasonable and so far ( I have had it for 2 or 3 months) it is working flawlessly. The build seems good, it's metal and rubber, and it has held up great so far. ANOTHER thing, I found out actually if you have a Samsung and connect this to the USB-C port and connect it to a TV or monitor it triggers the DEX feature, which makes your phone into a computer. This was unexpected and actually a very pleasant surprise.  Overall, I would recommend this for anyone needing an extension to your ports. If I run into any issues I will surely update this review.
?	Won’t charge your Mac!
Plug and play! No issues!	My New MacBook Pro Now is connectable. It has only USB-C ports!
Did the job without fuss	I liked that it has many ports and I use it for a 3.0 flash drive because the MacBook pro doesn't have any USB ports. This hub allows the use of more than one USB device. The ethernet port is a big PLUS.
Great value. Works real well.	Cable could be longer to place adapter out of the way.  Overall very good performance.
Good for Surface Go	Compact and has all the right ports.
This  USB hub is great!	After replacing mac pro from 2015 model to 2019 model, I need a hub to connect monitors, mouse, earphone etc.  Searching around, found this pretty looking one with attractive price. Have been using it for 2 months now, everything works as expected.
Solidly built - works well	I am a photographer and this one works well with all my accessories to attach it to my laptop.Easy to use and compact to carry during traveling. Love this product and highly recommend.
All in one	Really like that it has an HDMI port and extra USB ports.
Just what I needed!	edit:1 more star for a total of 5 stars because of the excellent costumer service, they helped me with my problem without contacting them, they contact me first. So I will order one extra adapter soon for my son---------------4 stars only ‘cause I tried to use the smart board and the screen worked but the markers didn't work with connection, but it works well with usbs, SDs and the HDMI in general, i like it and i would buy it again
Works great!	Great product, I bout this for my MacBook Pro so I could mirror it to my tv!
Solid and works well.	This hub is great for connecting my Chromebook to my TV via the HDMI adapter. It hasn't failed me yet and it doesn't look like it's going to fail me in the future (knock on wood)!
Hight quality hub	I just got it today and it looks and feels absolutely amazing. Great product, great material, great size for travel and great price!
So far, so good!	I’ve only had this hub a few days, but so far, so good! I love the variety of ports, as well as the number of ports. The price is also pretty reasonable for everything it offers.
Gadget saver	I was so surprised by how lightweight and compact the adapter was! It also matches very well with my space gray macbook air (2019). I have been using it for quite awhile and have had no issues. The price is also reasonable!
Great addition to IPad Pro	I use it for my MacBook Pro to connect my mouse, usb and other devices.
Great quality!!	Esta muy bueno y muy económico perfecto para mi mc book pro
A great recommend !	The wire has a shirt causing my hard drive that is plugged in to crash. The wire was super sensitive now it completely doesn’t work. Do not buy waste of money.
Inexpensive effective	Great product. Use it with my Mac Pro laptop to connect to regular external HDD storage as well as projectors via HDMI. Also use it to read memory card etc.  All work as expected.
Works GREAT!	It is an excellent option in the market, good materials, I have dropped several times and still working just as well, the price is great!
Seems durable	Great product. I like that it only takes up one port. Others I was looking at took up both ports on my MacBook. Very useful.
As described - very useful	Great price & great little gadget
Seems durable	Item works as described, no issues and look forward to years of use! I really enjoy the aluminum description and its pretty lightweight!X
GREAT FOR TRAVEL	Bought this USB-C hub to connect to my MacBook to a monitor for my work station and the HDMI adapter has been great. Provides excellent video quality from my mac to my 4K monitor.
Just About Perfect	I use this dongle for the new MacBook Pro laptop. At first, it didn't work as it should and acted funkily. It made me press the 'Z' button because it didn't register what letter it was. It was super weird, but I got advice to restart my computer and it worked since then. I like that it has a cord between the main ports and the USB-C plug-in. This ensures that it won't ruin the built-in USB-C port on my computer.Pros: its useful that there are so many ports on the dongle. I can use many USB3.0 and it doesn't get overwhelmed. It all works just fine.Cons: the dongle itself doesn't really have any cons, maybe that the cord is a bit long? It's just such a bummer that I need a dongle in the first place.All in all, its a good product. The price is well worth it.
love it	This unit is small enough to fit in my laptop case and the housing seems pretty sturdy. It has a lot of functionality with the multiple ports. I mostly have used it to move photos and video from a micro SD to external hard drive or laptop and have had no problems.
Awesome adapter...	Right size and durable
Great USB C Hub	I  purchased a new computer that required USB C interface. I travel all the time. So I need a compact but durable hub. So after reading the reviews I selected the FlePow USB C Hub. After I received it I liked it so much I purchased a second unit so I always had it in my travel case.JCv
Reliable product	I was looking for an adapter that offered a lot. My work purchased new Macs and the adapter that they gave us were not enough given the variety of tech we use. The only piece that’s missing is a VGA connection!  Overall I have been impressed with it.
Does a good job	Works as expected.
Great functioning USB Hub	love the size and functionality of this multiple hub port. Makes working with my laptop so much easier and flexible with an HDMI port too.
Longevity of item very very short	This product arrived very quickly. Also the quality is excellent and matches my macbook pro space grey color. For the price is perfect!!
Worth the money!	I've really enjoyed using it so far! It works so well I forget it's not a part of my computer!
Multiport Adapter	Exactly what we needed! Works great!
Supreme Build Quality	I was unsure what to think of this product before it arrived. I read A LOT of positive reviews and decided to buy it. It honestly was better than expected. The build quality is great. Metal and Plastic. The metal is similar to a MacBook. Ive been using it daily and pack it in my laptop bag every night. So far it's held up just fine. I would highly recommend and will buy again in the future.
So worth it!!!	This has been a lifesaver with the new Macbook pro! I can now connect anything to my laptop.
Easy to Use	As advertised. Has all the things you need.
Great	Great product with highly cost effective!
Great quality!!	This product has been working really well for me. I use it daily for the HDMI port since I have a monitor at home and I’ve faced no issues.The size makes it perfect for travel as well
High Quality and Useful Product	great quality and the color even matches my laptop. it has all the ports i need.
FlePow USB 3.1 Type C Docking Portable, light weight and great price	I really like this hub! The reason I bought it in the first place was because the new macbook didn't come with any USB, HDMI, or SD card ports and so I had to get some kind of adapter. I'm pretty pleased with this one because first of all it comes with so many different ports so it better than having to go and get separate adapters for each thing, its a good price for what your getting and it's pretty small and sleek. I can just carry this around in my laptop bag and it barely ways a thing! I've only had this for 2 weeks or so but i've been using it pretty regularly and it works for everything. Whenever you plug any USB in its a bit snug and at first it might seem like you can plug it in but it works just fine!
Simply all you need	Good and portable
Easy to use!	Great Attachment for my new macbook pro. Lots of usb hubs. Absolutely love that it takes SD card as well, can easily upload all my photos and videos.
Very Satisfied	It works super well. Have had it now for several months and absolutely no problems. Super reliable.
Just as described; better than expected	Very convenient. Every device that I have connected to this works without compromise.
Extremely durable. You want these with a hard connect as this product has because it lasts longer.	Great product! Exactly what I needed. Lightweight fits in my laptop case
Good, affordable USB C Multiport Adapter	It works with Samsung S9+ and is nice and small... also plan to use with new Macbook Air (will update if have any issues).
Great Customer Service	So far this adaptor has worked as advertised. I even ran an external dvd player through it.  The HDMI works portion works well, as does the SD card.
The perfect buy	This product is very good and the delivery was on time. Loved it.
This is the perfect adapter for any MacBook user.	Every time I buy a new computer it has less and less ports available. Now I have a fabulously fast computer with two ports and one million things I need to plug in. This product has been excellent in solving the problem. I don’t have to unplug the printer to use my CD drive and all of that. I can upload photos while I charge my phone. A++
IPad pro bff	If you have new version of Macbook, you absolutely need one.
Game Changer Adapter! Awesome!	Perfect for charging multiple items at one time.  Our company (at Thanksgiving) appreciated the charging ports...lots of family!  Several commented on how great this was...
Great product	I bought it 2 months ago and suddenly stop to work, disconnect whatever I'm using there every 10 seconds, try to use in another mac and same problem, DO NOT BUY IT!
Good Product!	I've used the SD card slot and the USB ports. It works well--No issues yet. And it also works well when multiple things are plugged in at once, which is what I bought it for.
Exactly what you want	Very slim and color is awesome. Nice product
This is amazing for MacBook Pro !!	So far this product has worked as advertised. It has been good to connect HDMI and USB devices at the same time. The card reader has also worked successfully. So far I’m very pleased with this purchase.
Good adapter	This was such a great buy!.... it’s perfect for traveling.  Product gives me extra USB’s when I’m working with all of my electronics.
Works well	It works well and i can do more with it
multiple ports, very convenient	Matches Macbook Pro space grey  Ports are compliant with USB 3  ultra quick transfers
Does the job	I have a Surface Pro 7 and this works great to connect it to my monitor. I really like how many USB ports are on it so I can also plug in my wireless keyboard and mouse USB into it. It is sleek looking, portable, and stays plugged in, can't really ask for anything more!
Sleek, Slim & Stylish	Very good prodcut easy to use and very portable.
Great addition to my Chromebook.	This has been a great accessory for my new MacBook. Excellent number and variation of plug-ins. No complaints.
easy to use	Great product. Color matched my MacBook Air.
Great functioning USB Hub	Works perfectly fine and doesn’t overheat. No complaints
Great all inclusive Multiport Adapter	The adapter works great with my macbook. I can plug in my mouse as well as my hard drive.
The perfect buy	This product is working really great.
Works as advertised	Nicely matched my space gray MacBook.. Not cheap plastic, but made of aluminum, nice touch. The USB-C cable is sturdy and will likely outlast my Apple USB cables. Adds much needed functionality to the MacBook. The only real "con" I can think of, is the USB 3.0 port charges my iPhone X quite slow.
Small, practical, and convenient	Works perfectly for attaching a second monitor and a wireless mouse to my Macbook Pro, with some extra ports to spare. Perfect size for sticking in a backpack and traveling around with if needed.
This works really well!	I dig it! Quality build material as well.
It works !	Mulitports are great for new computers with so few.
Buenísimo producto	Buenísimo
Exactly what I wanted	I've had this USB C hub adapter for about a month and so far haven't had any issues with it. It also works great for connecting to my TV HDMI compared to a previous adapter I had. The material is of good quality and it doesn't feel cheaply made. The only downside might be the hanging dongle if you need to work away from a solid surface, but that hasn't been a particular concern for me. Having all those multiple ports is a definite plus if you ever have to use them all at once.
It does the job!	It feels sturdy. Good buy
it just works great	I did not realize how much of a need I would have with this product until COVID19. My office is windows based. But my home is MAC IOS based. So to bring my printer and other office devices home to work, without the computer, saved me time and patience. The USB converter is amazing and good quality. No issues.
Great	I received the product yesterday and plugged into my MacBook Pro. So far everything is good. The product finish (external quality) is very well. I like the color which goes very well with the space black.
great hub	Great product.
Works well	I have been using this with my new Dell XPS 13 and it has been working wonderfully. You can tell by the feel of it that it is high quality. I use it constantly.
Perfect for ipad also	Just used the USB-C adapter and it worked perfectly with ease! Plugged it in my HP Elitebook and worked great! IT is made very well also! I would recommend this product to anyone with an HP Elitebook.
Hight quality hub	So far so good!
Works well, but USB response jittery when using in combination with HDMI	Works great to hook up HDMI monitor which is my main reason for buying.If using HDMI simultaneously with multiple USB devices ( mouse keyboard, etc) the mouse response slowed down compared to moving the USB receiver directly to the laptop.
Allows eternal connection to your usb c computers	Great adapter especially when I already had a Usb C to Usb cord and really does support 4K HDMI quality. Aluminum build is definitely a plus. Not a lot of these adapters on Amazon anymore so I'm glad the one available is of great quality.
Great for adding a second external HDMI monitor and more USB ports to a laptop	This HDMI adapter is nicely designed, and work well with my galaxy note 9.  I used this adapter to connect my phone to a large monitor, so I can use my phone as a computer.  So, its work well.  I would recommend to anyone that looking for this device.
Very convenient to coral everything in one place	I ordered this USB Hub for my new Windows Surface Pro. I wanted to connect an external monitor as I do graphic work and the new laptops offer fewer adaption ports. This little guy was a perfect solution for me to use flash drives, an external mouse and hooked up my monitor. The device is tiny in size but has all the ports could need for adaptability. Also a nice quality product and easy usability. I am going to order two more for my college sons.
Great value. Works real well.	Nothing bad to say, works great.
Working really well!	I bought this with the idea that I could plug multiple things into my MacBook Pro at the same time. The memory card slot works! But I have tried plugging my mouse into the other three USB slots and it does not work! The mouse lags, freezes constantly and barely works. I use this mouse all of the time plugging it directly into my computer but it does not work AT ALL with this dongle. I would not recommend purchasing this. I have not been able to test the item much past that because I can barely use my computer with it plugged in.
Great purchase	Really happy with this adapter. Lightweight, chic, and super easy to use. Just wished it came in the same color as the rose gold mac!
Would buy again!	Item is as described small and reliable
Very very happy	Does exactly what it is suppose to do!
Very convenient to coral everything in one place	I like this addition to my MacBook since computers are trying to be "sleek" so that you can end up paying more money for stuff that used to come with the laptop. Mine is working well and I use it mostly for the USB. It is very easy to travel with and goes everywhere with me in my carrying case.
Small Portable USB Adapter	Works well with my 16" MacBook Pro. No issues.
Compact & durable	This product works as described and has a high quality brushed aluminum finish.  I use it mostly for connecting to TV for streaming via HDMI port.  I would purchase again.
Versatile!	Terrible broke within 10 days of purchasing and they wouldn’t send a new one
Works better than my other purchase that cost substantially more...	Overall this is a great product. I went to get a USBC hub from a retail store and they were selling them for $99+. This product is relatively inexpensive for the quality it has. It is sturdy and has every port you need. I use this on the 2020 MacBook Pro and haven't had a single problem. Highly recommend this if you are looking for a reliable USBC hub.
Easy to use and good quality	The product description was accurate and shipping was quick. Thank you!
Great product!	This is a quality product, I like the material finish. Gave me extra ports to use with my laptop.
Good for travel	This adapter works great. I use it with my macbook to connect to a second screen. No lag and no issue in the connection. When using the usb slot the data transfer works well no problem with it.Small issue is that it does get relatively hot when connected for a while especially when using it for the HDMI. Other than that it's great.
Very Versatile	This is a very nice piece of design, which works well to connect my MacBook to the TV and other devices.  But it doesn't seem to have a port to accomodate a USB- input.  Why is that?  Otherwise excellent.
works perfectly	Works perfectly for my Mac. The kids can use it with their drawing pad, thumb drives etc. It’s portable and sturdy. I have no problems with it
Great product	No divers required! It was as easy as plug and play. Everything works on the device with no issues!
great quality	It works really good, and it arrived just in time !
Great Product! Very Compatible and reliable	I bought this for my tablet so I could use it basically as a laptop and it works amazing, it fits my Galaxy tab s4 and my galaxy S9. So far it works great no delay and smaller than I had originally thought! definitely recommend especially for small spaces or limited desk space
Está  muy  bueno	100% recommended
Works Well	But I found difficult to use it with my bluetooth mouse. It recognizes it, but stays frequently freeze or slow and after few minutes stop working at all. Then, I have to disconnect and reconnect again...
Solid and works well.	Did the trick for a much cheaper price than other products. my only complaint (which has more to do with the fact that i need the product, more than the product itself) was that i wish i could safely leave it plugged into my laptop. with it being attached to a cord, i don't feel i can do that. otherwise, it feels very well made and works just perfectly.
Good adapter	This product is very reliable and easy to use. It has been a big help with using flash drives for school or plugging in an HDMI cord for a movie on my MacBook Air. I also like how portable it is, I am able to pack it in my bag and take it to classes with ease. This is a great product for someone with an apple product and needs adaptions for it.
Perfect product	Solid construction, compact and does its job well.
Great USB C Hub	This is really helpful for all of the new laptops that switched to USB -C without providing and free dongles to customers converting to the new design. Although I wish the adapter cord was a little longer, it works great and has no issues with my MacBook or Dell laptops.
Good product	The device is perfect except it makes a very faint high-pitched sound but noticeable when in the room. I can record audio and post if anyone is interested. Not sure if I was unlucky with a defective product.
great hub	Works great!!!
Yes yes yes! A MUST buy for any new Mac users!	Was looking for a dongle for a new Mac and came across this option. It works like a dream for 1/3 of the price of other options. Highly recommended.
Good purchase	Easy to use, and the color matches mbp well
TRASH STAY AWAY	I really liked that I was able to use it as soon as I got, no setup required. It fits perfectly in the carry bag for my MacBook. And it fits everything that I use it for. I use my MacBook for video editing and this adapter has allowed me to use all forms of file transferring.The only problem I have with it is that it’s a little finicky. My phone will be plugged into one of the USB ports, and my phone will disconnect, even though I never touched the wire. But it’s pretty rare.
Great USB-C Multi-Port Adapter for Mac	Since Apple has decided to get rid of all but 2 measly USC C ports on the majority of their MacBook Pros, those of us who have legacy peripheral storage devices need to find a way to connect those devices.  This multi-port adapter is the perfect solution.  It's very lightweight, it has the majority of ports that I need, it matches the space gray color of my macbook pro  and it just works.  I've only had it for about a week, so I'll update this review if I find something wrong with it.Update: Downgrading to 3 stars since, the company promised a send a stand-alone USB C to USB 3 adapter if we wrote a review, but the adapter never came.
easy to use	I got this hub to connect an external hard drive to my laptop to work on film editing. It's been great so far! Very easy to use, stylish, and a good price point.
Good Quality	Item works as described. I’ve been using mines for 1 week and no issues so far. A friend of mine suggested this one and he’s had his for a while with no issues. We both have a newer MacBook Pro
Worth every penny!	This works just as a docking station and it costs a lot less.
Quality product	A great addition to my laptop. the slim profile makes it an easy add to my bag and greatly enhances my available ports. I use it to run 2 portable hard drives and charge my phone as well as enabling the use of a secon screen when at home. love it and use it frequently. would buy again
Small and portable but sturdy	I bought this on a whim as I have 2 portable external monitors that I travel with. While on a recent cruise, I tested this with my Samsung S10 and the TV in the cabin, this USB C Hub worked as a surrogate Samsung DeX station and I could not be any more impressed! Highly recommended!
Working really well!	This USB C Hub Multiport Adapter was a replacement for a different model that wasn't keeping my bluetooth keyboard and mouse connected with my laptop.  Spend the extra few dollars and get one like this with power and you won't have any more problems!  No issues with the seller or their product... thanks!
High Quality	Very sleek and well made design, functions really well and have no problems
Good item	I bought this adapter for my MacBook Air, which only uses USB-C. It works great with other USB products and, it turns out, is an amazing HDMI adapter as well! I never thought I'd use that functionality, but it's become essential for PowerPoint lessons at my teaching job. I had an adapter like this in the past that didn't work at all, but this one is flawless! Affordable and worth buying.
Great product	Wasn't compatible with Apple USB Superdrive (CD drive).  Worked with one Sandisk USB but not with another.  Works ok with my HP printer and WD hard drive.
5 Star product	It just works as expected, no issues at all.
Happy	I got a new macbook and forgot that nothing I have works with USB-C.  I found this product online and couldn't believe how much as packed in at the price point.  Definitely recommend.
Excellent product.	Great product
Perfectly functional	this charger works great! i have used time and time again without any issues :) would definitely recommend this product. also very convenient without having to have multiple boxes for each charger (when using in an outlet). simply attach the charging cord to this charger into your computer---does not drain the computer batter either
Great unit for excellent connectivity	I bought this type-C adapter and I very happy about that. The first reason why I need this adapter is because I use Lenovo Yoga 730 computer and it has only two USB ports.  the second reason was, I daily use a desktop monitor, so it's a very annoying plug and unplug all my devices from the computer then I want just grab my laptop and put it into a bag.So this adapter saves my time and life. Now I have a clean setup ner my laptop, I have 5 USB  ports if I need it. And finally, if I need to grab my laptop what I need to just unplug my adapter ant my laptop is free from wires. I defiantly recommend this item and seller, good price, fast shipping and good product.
Works well	Product works with no problems, was used to place multiple USB devices together.
easy to use	Great product that has everything you need.
Easy to use and good quality	Just received this item and tested it on my brand new Macbook Air 2019, works great! No delay in HDMI video, USBs and the SD card readers are fine. Didn't notice any heating. Lower price compared to the other brands. I recommend it to the buyers.
Works just as described and has a nice weight to it - real metal	This is perfect for you if you have one of the new MacBooks! It's so easy to plug everything you need into it without having to have separate adapters. I even tried this with a Samsung Galaxy and it worked as well! Highly recommend!
?	I love how small and portable it is
Very Useful Device	I am very impressed with the build quality of this adapter.  With my new HP Envy laptop only having two USB A and one USB C ports, I need the ability to read SD memory cards and to be able to connect via HDMI to a large monitor as I work with photos.  It has worked flawlessly for me in all respects.  Transfer speeds are very fast.  I really like how compact the adapter is.  It fits easily into my travel bag with my laptop without adding any bulk.  Well done!
Why i like this product?	This product is so useful for MacBook with only 2 thunderbolts. It has most of the ports you need, and it is easy to carry!
Perfect product	It’s definitely very handy for hdmi and SD card use.
This works really well!	Great product
It works	This Hub helped me with all my CS work I had to do. It has all the ports you'll need for your every day task. Without a doubt the best purchase I have made for my laptop.
Small and light enough to easily keep in your bag at all times	It's user friendly and has been working great!
Nice product	so far so good, very convenient. Sleek design, not a fan of the new Macs without any ports but this helps a lot.
This is exactly what was advertised	It’s a very helpful product and I’m so happy to spend money on it .It helped with my new HP laptop as it has many uses, very light so i take it with me everywhereI’m really never been happy for something I bought more than this USB hub
Works as advertised with a much cooler temperature	Super practical for most peripheral applications. Most new MacBooks have only USB-C ports, so this is great for connecting all other devices that need standard USB and HDMI connections. The SD and Micro SD card readers also cover most current camera cards. The USB-C plug cable is about 5" long, so you can hide it behind your laptop to keep a clear desk. Purchased it to replace a Hyperdrive hub, as it has one more USB port.
Perfect for whatever you need an extension for	I used this in conjunction with my LG Ultrafine USB-C display and MacBook Pro. Works perfectly at a great price.
Nice design!	There's nothing I don't like about this dongle, it does all the things as advertised and it's low profile for my needs.
Love it	I bought this by mistake -- it's only 3.0.  Not worth it...
Finally a USBc hub that works with the iPad Pro.	This is an excellent addition to my iPad Pro. I added a keyboard mouse and monitor as well as usb hard drives and sd cards from my dslr camera. With ios13, the file management is awesome too. Solid build quality too.
Great tech item for those who need more connections	It’s super fast, super sturdy, and super reliable.
Superior product and service	When I recently switched to a MacBook Pro (2019) from a 2014... I realized that my wireless mouse would no longer be compatible because it used a USB 3.0 while the new Mac required USB C.  I considered buying an adapter from Apple because I wasn't sure about "third party" adapters you could find on Amazon, but I did some research and found this one.PROS:This adapter is amazing!Lightweight, slim, and compactFeels and looks "expensive" (if that matters to you)Lights up when plugged into your laptop to show that it's connectedHDMI outputOnly CON: ports aren't super smooth... like there's a little resistance when plugging in USB 3.0 into adapter (compared to plugging a USB straight into a laptop)** This con doesn't really bother me, just thought it might be helpfulI really like that this adapter has the HDMI output, because I need it when presenting off of my laptop and I also like connecting my laptop to the tv for videos/movies (best if you don't have smart tvs) for entertainment.  The HDMI output is was really sold me on getting this adapter versus many others I was looking at.  For this price and you get at least 6 different ports that you'll most likely use in your daily life, compared to a $50 adapter that has 12 ports that you MAY or may not use.I recommend this one for people who are looking into adapters for their Macs (or any other laptops that use USB C now)
Awesome product	As described
Good adapter	As one of the cheapest USB-C adapters out there, I expected bad build quality, iffy connections, and overall not a great product.  However, I was pleasantly surprised when this thing arrived.  About 4 months later of daily use on the HDMI, USB, and SD ports and they feel as good as new.  I definitely recommend this for an Apple user wanting to get your ports back!
Good product	Added connectivity for my Lenovo Ideapad.
Perfect Multiport for Mac Users	I bought this to pair a new monitor with my new Macbook Pro, the HDMI functionality did not work. I went to return it and clicked product support, and was assured that it was a unusual issue. However the same flaw exists with the replacement model. Sadly this is a waste of money for me,
Works like a charm	Awesome material, just plugs in and use. So easy.
Compact & durable	I have really enjoyed this product so far! I've been working remotely for some time now and tools like these make it far less painful. Thanks for making a quality product!
USB C Hub Multiport Adapter - 7 in 1 Portable Space Aluminum Dongle	The new laptops are super light, but also a little short on USB ports.  So I started looking around for a hub I could use to maximize the efficiency of my laptop when I am home (that isn't to say it won't be great on the road).This hub is compact, looks sleek and works great.  While not really a "docking station", it is pretty much performing all the functions of one for me.  Great product.
Love it!	I just received this product for my new Macbook Air. It matches the color of my laptop and is very stylish. I like that it has proper USP 3 ports and not 2.0 like some of the other ones have. I also like the micro sd card reader so I don't need an adapter any more. This is a much better deal then buying the original Apple adapters.
Works as described	Works well so far, very compact.
Looks good	Yes
Bang for buck	Got this product for Dell XPS 13 to connect via HDMI and also USB-2 ports. Its really great for such a wonderful price.
Great unit for excellent connectivity	Recently updated my laptop to a 2019 MacBook Pro. Until other devices convert to USB-C, I'll need something like this for connectivity. This hub does it all for me--three USB 3.0 ports for various peripherals, one HDMI for 4K connection to my monitor, an SD card slot, and even a micro-SD! Still leaves a laptop port free for charging. No issues with heating up. Made of space-grey aluminum with a short connecting cable, it's lightweight but sturdy, and has been easy to pack for travel. I may have to get another, in case I leave it at the office or something. Recommended.
Just what I needed!	I purchased this and plugged it in once to my Asus laptop.  I instantly got repeated "USB Device not recognized" errors that would not stop.  They persisted after rebooting.  They persisted after uninstalling the USB devices from device manager.  I finally had to unplug the laptop and force it to power down completely
The Item as described	Color almost perfectly matches by laptop and it works great
Works great.	I just purchased a new Mac book pro and was very disappointed that they created their own hook up ports. Luckily I found this amazing product! I am still able to hook up my everyday devices with out a hassle. It is light weight and user friendly.
The Item as described	The hub adapter is perfect for travel.  Thin and well made.
Very easy to use	Works Great - my daughter uses it all the time - and no complaints!
Great product	Update again:  After more communication with the company they did send me a new unit and the system is now working again with SD cards.UPDATE: After about four months the SD slots quit working while the USB ports continue to work.  I contacted the company and they responded that they would send out a replacement unit.  Weeks have gone by and I have never received the replacement and they are no longer answering any  of my Emails.  So now I have to say that while the failure might be bad enough, not having the company respond any more is worse.I bought this for my computer because the SD card slot was too difficult to get to.  This unit has both an SD slot and a micro SD slot so I do not need the adapter.  I also did some tests with a USB 3 thumb drive vs. the same thumb drive on a USB 3 hub and was very surprised in the difference of speed in writing to the thumb drive.  I have since removed that hub and I am only using this for my peripherals.
Necessity for Apple Laptops	Does not sufficiently power my Logitech remote keyboard and mouse dongles. Works fine with ScanDisk flash drive and micro SD card though. Would not buy again.
Durable HUB that stays cool and quiet if you unplug and have correct orientation	Good build quality, doesn't feel flimsy. I am currently using the HDMI port and all three USB ports (for my keyboard, mouse, and external microphone). No noticable latency on any of those devices, Maintains connectivity throughout usage.This product might be more expensive than others but it's worth the peace of mind to be able to plug your devices in and not have to fiddle with any connections or even buy a new one if it's not working.
Solidly built - works well	Ordered this for my new Mac computer.  It has ports, but I find them inconvenient.  This item has a long enough cord that I can plug it in and it rests nicely on my computer desk.  Has all the ports that I need. Been using it for a while now and no issues!
High Quality and Useful Product	I use this product for my macbook and it has been great for doing projects or viewing contents of SD cards!
It does the job!	Works great!
Works Well	I bought this adapter for my Macbook, I've used it for several weeks and it's been great! It's small and barely occupy any space; also easy to carry around and really good looking. No problem of using it so far. A+++
Works AMAZING!	This USB C hub is perfect for my home studio! I’ve had it for over a week of daily use now and I have no complaints.  It’s a great product and I would definitely recommend purchasing one.
Well designed!	It just does the job! I’ve had it for a couple months and it’s been a great for all my usb needs.
The perfect buy	We bought this for our home computer.
Great USB-C Hub	all features work!  I was happy with my purchase.  Highly reccommend this product at it's price.
Good Product	great product! Came in the color I wanted, works great, has all the ports I need, and has no glitches.
high quality product.	I needed the a good usb-c hub for my new Dell PC with a USB-C port. This product works great for me. No issues so far after a few months of usage. I hope it serves me well for a long time.
it just works great	Can't complain about the product.  Sometimes confusing to determine which device is controlling audio or video but that's likely a user issue.  Good work around for minimal ports in my device.
great product	Very nice
Love it	It worked great for my Macbook pro
Works Great	Great hub for my new Macbook Pro laptop.  It has numerous ports so many different types of external devices will connect. Great value and quality.
easy to use	Works well with Dell xps 13. Good read and write speeds. Lightweight and easy to carry around.
Necessity for Apple Laptops	Great for my Cheap Acer.  Added lots of features.  Allowed me to add 2 screens to my laptop
This is the one to get	This is an excellent addition for my computer.
Exactly what I needed all-in-one	If you need to connect with multiple devises, this is the tool for you. Great quality and super easy to use! I would buy again.
Does a good job	Does a solid job. No complaints.
Good Product	I saw a few that use both lightning ports which means you would have to run your power through it too. I prefer this one that only uses one lightning port. This little adapter is a great size.  You can easily throw this in your bag and take it with you. Love the SD card too!
Portable, solid, and well-made	I have been using this for work and home. Especially since I have been working from home! I haven't had any issues with it and it has all the ports that I need.
It really has all the ports	Just what I'm looking for
Great purchase	Love it! Worked instantly with my macbook pro 2019. No issues at all. I have tried 3 USB drives and it worked perfectly all the times.
Full Featured Device	I really needed an adapter to connect all my wires to my computer and the Multiport Adapter is absolutely perfect.The HDMI port is what i was really interested in, but for the price, you cannot go wrong with this product!
Works as described	Works as it should.
Fantastic value and great performance	In purchasing a new laptop for personal use, I came across the need for a solution to port video and external USB accessories (keyboard, mouse. etc.) to it.  Nothing fancy, mind you -- just something that would not require more cables and UBS ports than the new computer itself had.This adapter works with my HP 5" laptop USB-C .  Only issue is that I needed to set the video output default to look first to the USB-C port.  Once I did that, it comes up every time.  No issue whatsoever with video playback quality or other peripheral performance
Necessity for Apple Laptops	This product works as advertised, matches the color of my MacBook perfectly, and is a great price point!
Good adapter	I use this with a Macbook, SD cards and a couple of cameras. It works well and seems to be good quality.
Great	This product is exactly what I was looking for. Works well and is compact enough that I’m sure it would travel well if needed. I would buy again.
Works. Seems well built.	Provide the much needed additional docks for my surface pro 7 , helped me use the surface pro for my work by connecting to LAN, wireless headset and an external monitor, good product, not sure if sturdy enough as have been using for 3 weeks only
Has everything you need	The quality of this adapter is perfect. Ideal for the majority of users who need the basics of the usb 3.0 and HDMI. Durable and color matches the space grey to a T. Cant beat this price.
This is exactly what was advertised	Works fine for me as of 5/19/20.
High Quality and Useful Product	This was exactly what i was looking for. I do not experience any issues and the connection is always great!
exactly what I was looking for	100% satisfied.Exactly what I was looking for and exactly as described.The item works perfectly...and it looks good too.  Would purchase again from this vendor.
Awesome product	Very pleased with the product. The screen on my phone stopped working but I wanted to be able to retrieve the photos from my phone. Purchased this product and was able to use a wireless mouse with it  to still control the screen.
A simple way to turn a laptop into a full desktop setup	I haven't tried out the HDMI on this unit yet, but so far it works as advertised. I keep my iLok and my thumb-drive in there and it also provides fast access to both devices. My only gripe is when my laptop is off or in "sleep' mode the hub makes a high pitched whine until the laptop is turned back on. I usually just unplug it until I'm ready to use my laptop again.
DURABLE	This is a great hub with lots of options for ports. The only issue is when I plug in my power, it disconnects my hard drives, so there's no surge protection, but it hasn't damaged anything yet and I am just careful to disconnect before I plug in my power.
Amazing tool for your Mac in a world that is not 100% Mac yet	Not sure if I just got a bad one but the memory cards only work sometimes and the usb hard drive thats attached drops out every so often as well.
Satisfied with product	Product works great. No problems! Would order again.
Works Great	Great price and functionality
As advertised!	This product does exactly what it is advertised to do and is much cheaper than its competitors. Would buy again and recommend to others!
Easy to Use	It charges my phone while I transfer pictures!
Very compact and useful.	I needed an adapter for my Microsoft Go laptop.  I particularly wanted an HDMI cord to connect it to the TV when the WiFi dongles stop working for whatever reason.  This does the trick for that, as well as for my USB flash drives. The SD card reader works fine as well. Overall, I'm extremely happy with the purchase - and the price is fantastic.  However, if you're looking for a super sharp/bright result on your TV, you might have to get one of the pricier HDMI converters.
Great	Many ports, sturdy, I use for my Apple Mac Book Pro.
A must-have adapter for Macbook	Purchased for two customers and they love them. Compact, versatile, fast, quality. All there at a great price.
Functional and portable	I am a student that has a chrome book and I needed an hdmi port as wells as usb ports just incase I have to print out something my club printer. My only thing that I don't like is that the cord that connects it to the computer is to long.
A must-have adapter for Macbook	Perfect. Performs as described. Makes life easier in today’s environment where power plugs, etc are constantly changing.
Finally a USBc hub that works with the iPad Pro.	There are a lot of USB-C dongles out there but this one is can say is built with good quality (what feels like) aluminum, colored to match either space gray or silver Mac. It is very compact and easy to travel with but its also versatile enough to use as a docking hub. I have mine velcro-ed to my laptop stand where it is powering all my peripherals (plugged into my KVM switch ) and my display port. Only thing missing in my opinion is the extra USB-C port. Overall great product
Excellent Multi-@ort Adapter for All My Electronics While I Travel	It works well with my mac and PC. I can carry it around. It works for my new macbook pro and old macbook pro and PC. So I can just use it for my different computer without having to get different adapter.
Inexpensive effective	Cheaply made. Not worth the money.
So worth it!!!	It’s a light weight object, really portable, fits well and works perfectly.
?	Perfect size. Nice easy and slick!!
Good Quality	an amazing hub, everything that you can ask for. super fast and usb c.  i have it plugged directly to the back of my comp and stuck under the desk for easy access.
Good product	very light adaptor and good quality. it will be perfect if it comes with a small bag or box so we can bring it to traveling.
Great purchase	I Loved the product it offers so much for such little pricing. Overall a great purchase!
Works great!	I like this product in that it interfaces with Mac's new USB C ports, and allows me to connect USB devices.I use it to connect my computer to my TV for watching videos, but it does not work with Amazon Prime movies. It does not meet the Amazon Prime Security requirements, so movies will not play from the computer to the tv using this adapter. Also, it doesn't respond quickly to the signals from a USB mouse. There is some lag time.Otherwise, it is a great adapter for my Mac.
Perfect for ipad also	The all aluminum body is sturdy, cool looking and it has a lot of ports, all while staying in the lower price range.
It works fine for the money	I used this adapter for the sd card port because I needed to import pictures and it worked perfectly.
Great Product	Good transfer speeds, build quality is solid.
Very well built hub. Perfect for MacAir 2018	I was looking for a dongle that had multiple USB ports, can read my SD cards, and have an HDMI connection.  This one met all my needs and appears to be a good build quality.  The only thing I wish it also had was a case to store it in.
Great product.	muy conveniente
Good adapter	Works like a charm. All ports are working. Really like  the metal case unlike others with plastic. Highly recommend it!
Great product!	Nice little hub, very compact. Works well with my MacBook Air
Excellence	This worked great to connect all my peripheral equipment to my laptop in my home office. Lightweight, easy to use, and reliable. I've had absolutely no issues with the product.
All the ports you need	Great USB-C hub that has all the connections.  Used it to connect additional USB-3 connections to run Oculus VR on a gaming laptop.  Had a Lenovo USB-C hub with fewer connections and it would error when connecting VR but this one works great.
Exactly what I needed for my Mac	Very sleek design and works smoothly..Valuable price versus quality.
Great Value	I use this for mostly editing(attaching my hard drive) or when I want to use a mouse. I would give the product 5 stars, but I did have to buy this twice as my first one stopped working(reason is unknown). Overall, my second one has been working great!
I love it!	It's easy to use, and the usb transfer is very quick, much better than my previous one. It also have mirco sd port, which I  use frequently. It's good value to me.
Works perfectly	I was worried about getting this product with the bad reviews, I have used this everyday for two months and it hasn’t had a single problem. Even with All three USBs connected and an SD card in every time. Has helped a lot with pulling photos off my cameras and loading them to different drives. It matches the color of my space grey MacBook perfectly! Would buy again
Works as advertised	Bought primarily to use with my new ipad pro, have found it to be super portable (travel often).
High quality and phenomenal price!!	The material is very high quality and matches well with the space gray MacBook Pro. At first, I thought the metal might be prone to scratches, but it's held up very well over the past couple of months and is as high quality as any of the more expensive options.
Multiport Adapter	handy and useful to use =) I like it
Good product	For computer
multiple ports, very convenient	with only limited ports on the new macbook air, it is nice to have some of these options. but i didn't want to muck up the aesthetic of the laptop by having some clunky device attached to it. this hub though is very nice and slick and matches so perfectly the space grey macbook color. it is almost like a proper apple product that was meant to go along with it. everything works well, too. no issues so far.
Does the job	The item is good for what it is but you're only limited to 3 usb ports, 1 hdmi port, 1sd and 1 mini sd port. If you want it just to add another screen it works but if you wanted to add more than one additional display, I wouldnt recommend it. The item itself is good but a little pricey for what it is.
Works. Seems well built.	Very discreet device and the build quality is very good - both the wire and the hub itself. Glad that i chose this product over others.
High Quality	This item does exactly what its supposed to do! I'm happy.
This is the perfect adapter for any MacBook user.	The product is extremely slick, smooth, yet sturdy. This is exactly what I needed to extend the use of my laptop to other devices. I love it!
Makes your Macbook useful	The only thing I noticed is that it did not have a usb-c slot. However, I'm happy about is as I broke the earlier one (from a different company) because I tried to connect it to the power source. All the ports work as expected and it has been working great!
Fantastic value and great performance	My Lenovo laptop only has a USB port, this multi port is fantastic, the speed is excellent, I connect my printer, external hard drive, my camera to edit photos and the speed is constantly excellent product
Plug and Play	I love this product super easy to use and works perfectly when I need to download videos to my laptop.
Just as promised	I absolutely loved using this.
Very useful product reasonably priced	Fantastic item. It saved me from spending $70 on some apple product.
Works as advertised	Solid, compact and works as expected. Bought it mainly for the HDMI output. Works great with my 32 in monitor.
DURABLE	It is easy to use and expands my laptop capabilities.
Nice addition !	Looks good but it didn’t work with my switch, only reason why I got it. Now I have no reason to use it
Small Portable USB Adapter	I like the sturdy construction.  The unit adds a lot extra USBs 3 ports, a couple of memory card readers, a HDMI slot.  It works great! I have owned it over a month and it has worked without any problems.
Great product	I'm using this as a way to use my Surface Laptop with a second monitor and more USB ports. Works well.
It just works.	Does what’s  advertised
Supreme Build Quality	I love how small the miltiport hub is. It's made out of  aliminum and the quality doesn’t feel cheap. All of the ports work! I mainly use this adapter to connect my mouse (USB) and to connect it to my TV (HDMI). I love the space grey color it matches my macbook pro :)
Material	I absolutely love it. It matches my MacBook and it’s going to be so useful for my flash drives. Works great so far!
This  USB hub is great!	I am using this product for transfer files between my cell phone, portable HD, use a optical mouse and I am very impressed with the files transfer speed, it is very practical, lightweight since I travel a lot this is a crucial factor.  Love it, I won't hesitate to recommend it.
Excellent product	Excellent product to cook connect multiple devices to the USB hub on my new computer. Reasonably priced
Feels like quality	I like this product because I can fast charge few units at the same time.
Functional	Plenty of options for connecting ancillary devices in a small package at a good price.  The SD reader slots actually work without having to jiggle the card and hope it doesn't shift and lose connection (a problem with my previous dongle that drove me to order this adapter.)  Unlike the dual connector side-mount adapters, this one allows me to keep the cover on my MacBook Pro.One drawback is no lightning connection, but that isn't significant enough to keep it from receiving a 5-star rating.
need longer flexible cord	When I saw the user manual was one page, I wondered about the lack of detail. Turns out, anyone could install this and immediately start to use. It works as advertised and I am very pleased as my new Surface came with one USB port. I am very happy with the Hub.
Exactly what you want	Just rxd product and it worked exactly as stated. It appears well made.
Reliable product	Have used this for over a week with no issues so far. The only thing yet I haven't used is the SD card slot. Would be better if there was a USB-C connector in the hub so its more convenient. Otherwise, would highly recommend this to others due to the product reliability.
Great	Perfect! And good price. Would recommend.
Worst device	Good product. Recommend.
Portable, solid, and well-made	Given the price, I was shocked at how high-quality this hub is. The material feels substantial and not cheap, and it's small and portable enough to be perfect for travel. I may buy one more to keep in my travel back, and use the one I already purchased as my main hub at home.
Works grate	Very nice product for a fair price. Very happy with the design since its not too big. Works perfectly with my window Laptop. I will buy it again.
Good	It worked as expected. No issues. I wish the cable was a little longer
Está  muy  bueno	It's small and lightweight. Perfect for my laptop setup.
High quality and phenomenal price!!	This product works great with my Mac book pro. It is easy to connect and slips right into my laptop case. I love it’s multi use. I’ve been using it for 3 months and have no problems with it. Such a great price too.
Gets the job done	Very accessible and useful for school.
The perfect buy	i use the usb ports to plug in a keyboard and mouse for my laptop
Great product	Very good product. very compact. All different kind of port in such compact design.
It works	I Haven BEEN using for a day and it seems good product.
Awesome addition for a Mac Mini	As far as dongles go you can't go wrong with this one. Unless you need ethernet that is. But dongles with ethernet are often way bigger and cost much more than this one. So for the few times I need it it didn't seem worth it. This is kind of a barebones dongle, containing only exactly what you need. No USB-C ports with pass through charging etc. This is just the perfect dongle to throw in your bag and use when you least expect it. Though I've found myself using it a lot.
Very handy!	I bought this for my MacBook Pro so I could have some USB ports that I needed. Works great. One of the programs I use requires a USB type dongle to work. It works fine no issues. It is also very thin and portable. Good product.
Love it!	At first I was skeptical about the quality with such a low price, but after buying a more expensive one and having it not work, I just tried it. This thing is great and always works! Even has 3 usb 3.0 unlike most other hubs. Solid quality and the price just makes it even better.
Great Value	No flaws yet.
Good	I think this is a good product.  It does what its meant for.  and it's a ton cheaper than getting it at a store.
Excellent Multi-@ort Adapter for All My Electronics While I Travel	I wish this hub had another USB-C port since it takes up on on my laptop. Other than that, the quality is great and I am able to use it as needed for presentations. It’s light and easy to carry around and has a variety of ports.
It just works.	This product came to the rescue as my MacBook Air had no port connections. Had a project coming up and I needed a connection to my Laptop for a USB port due to needing it for my external harddrive. Read reviews and it probably the best one I've searched for
Perfect for MacBook pro multitasking	After using the USB Hub for about a month, I have to say that I have no complaints. The previous one I purchased often overheated and caused the connection to be spotty from my MacBook to my monitor. The hub has enough ports to all my needs including a wireless mouse, wireless keyboard, and a HDMI port.
Works great!	Exactly what I was looking for to charge my iPhone  while working on my Mac!
Matches space gray looks and works well	I got it for my Mac and it works perfectly
Works perfectly	Very nice product indeed -- invaluable for me in making the transition to a PixelBook. Very well made and stylish. The brushed metal look is classy too. With this, I am able to connect my PixelBook to ordinary USB storage, HDMI monitors and projectors and also SD cards. Really makes UCB-C devices much more convenient. Recommend strongly for anyone, but definitely for owners of devices with only USB-C ports.
multiple ports, very convenient	When I bought my new Mac, the man at the store never mentioned needing an accessory for the computer- figured he should have since you NEED devices like this for the MacBook Pro. The apple extension and the ones at tech stores were way over priced compared to this one. I went ahead and got the 7-in-1 USB Hub and ya'll, I do not regret it. Its way cheaper than in store, and works just fine. I have a bag with my charger and just throw this guy in there too and its slim- so can't really complain about carrying extra stuff. Reads all my inputs just fine- no complaints from me! :)
High speed, powered by usb port, and works FINE with 500GB ssd's!	I needed to upgrade my SD card reader and HDMI cable for my new iPad Pro, but didn’t want to have to pay the price for the Apple brand adapters (again). This adapter works perfectly for downloading photos and for connecting my iPad to my projector for movie watching.The hub is a nice size. About as slim as my iPad (almost exactly the same, if slightly bigger). I’m not sure why it was designed this way, but slightly rounded, so neither side lies perfectly flat on the table. It’s not a big deal though.The color is nice, but I’d prefer if it were a closer match to the Space Gray iPad (since it seems like they were aiming for something in that ballpark with their “Space Aluminum”).
Works	Perfect
This is the one to get	This was a gift. But the value is awesome. Very pleased.
Love it!	Used this as an adapter to go from my mac to a projector via HDMI and so far it's working great! Other usb adapters wouldn't show up on the projector, but this has every time. Haven't tried it for anything else yet, but the other adapters are a bonus!
Good Product	This was actually a really good purchase, the dongle works well, is light, and also has all the ports that I need for my external stuff like my flash drives and sd cards! Also, the price is way better than the other dongles so this was a pretty good value by in my opinion so if your thinking about getting it I would recommend getting it.
Works as described	Product was exactly as described.
Solid and works well.	I recently bought myself a new MacBook Pro to teach online, only to find out that it only has USB-C ports. This has been a lifesaver! I plug my headset into it to teach online and I also plug my Cricut in when I craft. I've had it for a few months now and it has held up well.
Simply all you need	This USB C Hub Multiport Adapter has worked very well for me. Just as advertised. Fast delivery - would definitely recommend.
Simple but effective!	Works as advertised 😊
Works better than my other purchase that cost substantially more...	I purchased a hub 6 months ago and spent quite a bit of money on it, I recently decided I'd like a second one to just keep at my office and after using both, I now use this hub as my primary. It works well, is smaller, and doesn't heat up half as much as my other one - though it of course does get warm. I would recommend it to a friend.
As described, good quality	it is a good design and looks cool but the usb 3.0 barely charges my iPhone and it dies while I use it, which means there isn't enough output
USB C Hub Multiport Adapter - 7 in 1 Portable Space Aluminum Dongle	So far so good - this product works just like it's supposed to! I ordered it for use with my 2018 Macbook Air. I've used it mainly in combination with the USB plug, so can't really comment on any of the other features. But it is easily portable, and fairly quick to connect. I like that it has multiple ports making it more versatile, but like I said, I haven't fully tested out all its capabilities yet.
Easy to use!	Just wanted to add a couple USB ports.  This hub does even more and is solidly put together. Just plugged into my HP laptop and it works!  Very happy with purchase.
Gadget saver	this product help me with my laptop that only has one usb c port and allow me to expand . great item
Does a good job	This 7 in 1 adapter is great! It gave me an SD card reader and another HDMI out which is very nice. The added USB 3.0 ports are great for the added expansion. This product is very portable so I love to use it with my laptop also. Overall, great product!
Plug and play! No issues!	Works well. Only downside is the cable seems like an odd length
Good	This is a fantastic gadget to add to my bag. I have a Dell XPS 13 and it doesn't have any standard USB ports on it. This is small and lightweight enough to throw in my bag and have with me at all times. The HDMI port is an added plus.
Works as advertised	Super helpful, portable, and offers a lot. Using this with my Macbook Pro and it's working very well. I'm able to use multiple ports at the same time while getting work done, and love how I can take it to work and school with ease
Great!	Works Great.
Great Value	Upon dispatch of the product I received an email informing me that wireless keyboards cannot be used with this device while connected to Wifi. The keyboard signal interferes with the Wifi signal.... Which isn't advertised in the main description.
great hub	It was positive
Amazing Product!	Nice USB-C hub and HDMI adapter. Works perfectly with my MS Surface Laptop. USB throughput is speedy. HDMI resolution is excellent. No problems and seems rugged enough for moderate travel.
Very functional - great design, super lightweight- works great!	Very nice product. Feels durable but isn’t overly bulky. I can slip in with all my other small electronics for on the go use. Has space for 3 USB devices to plug in.
Great way to expand your MacBook's Thunderbolt ports.	This dongle has everything I need in a small form factor that easily fits in the small mesh zip pocket of my backpack. The build quality seems solid for the price and the color perfectly matches Apple's space gray. One note - when I attach my 2018 Macbook Pro to a monitor via the HDMI port on this > an HDMI to DisplayPort cord, it did not work. I do not directly fault the dongle for this as it could be a variety of factors with compatibility since there's a couple changes in port type (USB-c > HDMI > DP), but something to look out for if you're in that situation.
Portable, solid, and well-made	This product does exactly what it's supposed to. It gets a little warm with extended use, but it's not terrible. It's of overall-good build quality, and it's stylish enough to have out with my laptop, on the go. I really like it.
Great product for use when traveling.	It didn’t even last me a week... the charging port to plug in a charger/USB stopped working the first day I got it... I’m very disappointed
Extends your memory and ports!	I recently bought a Mac Pro and it hid not have standard USB or HDMI ports. I found several USB C multi-port adapters and after reviewing and comparing I narrowed it down to 7-in-1 USB C hub/adapter by FlePow, because it had good reviews. I have been using it for about a month now mostly for wireless mouse and its very handy and the design is sleek. Yet to use the USB 3 and HDMI ports.
Small and light enough to easily keep in your bag at all times	Looks good so far, will update with longevity.
All in one	Works great have no issues
Worst device	Hub does not work.
Works like a charm	The item I received is fully functional. I've had it for three months now and I haven't had any issues with it. Better than paying $19 for a USB-C to ONE USB adapter from Apple.
easy to use	Good value for the price, providing the additional ports needed to work efficiently in the age of laptops with limited port plug-ins
Very useful product reasonably priced	Great quality faced no issues till date. Have been using it for more than 7 months
USB C Hub Multiport Adapter - 7 in 1 Portable Space Aluminum Dongle	I used it to transfer data from a smaller microsd on laptop to a larger microsd.  It worked very well and it was fast as advertised. It was my first introduction using a USB - C device as I just brought a 11.6 laptop for taking on the road. I highly recommend it if you need to deal with a USB-C port.
Great product, just I was looking for	I found this device practical, well made and compared to the ones that are fixed to the laptop, this is not going to damage the port with the use because of its flexible cable.
Work perfectly	This adapter is way cheaper than other ones you'll find, I am not sure how much I'll actually use it but it is handy to have.
Worst device	Perfect for what I need it for.
Worth the money!	Love it! Haven't had any problem with. I will be buying another one soon.
Very handy!	Useful, compact dongle. I was using this with my lap top with the USB-C port. Simple connection via HDMI to a monitor to stream from the lap top without an other device. Easy plug and play functionality with a Logitech keyboard to allow for typing And last but not least plug in a USB drive, SD, or Micro SD to view, upload or download photos.
Works well	The USB-C hub is compact and is very convenient so that I can use the Type-C port on my laptop.  I have had the hub for over one month, and it works flawlessly.
Gets the job done	Overrated. The HDMI port doesn’t work!
All you need in one	Great product, really light. Fairly close to same color as my macbook
Working great	Estuvo justo del tamaño que necesitaba
Buenísimo producto	Bought for my daughter and she loved it.
Exactly what I was looking for!	I ordered this USB-c hub shortly after I got my MacBook because school was starting up and that meant presentations and USB sticks. I've had it for about 3 months now and it's been working perfectly!I haven't had the opportunity yet to use the HDMI-port, but I'm sure it works just as good as the USB and SD card slots.There were no issues with formatting or any of that and my documents transferred without any problems from my MacBook to Windows computers.The one thing I would've liked to see done differently is how the cord just kind of sticks out, maybe if there was some kind of case that the hub came in, or a kind of slot you can click the cord in when you're not using it, that would've been handy!
7 different ports, sturdy built	Very good product, a lot better than I imagined for the price. Well built with the aluminum case. Only down side is it’s not built for charging, other than that I love it.Correction: ABS PLASTIC CASE, felt like aluminum at first touch.
Good product	I think this is overall a good product i haven't had any problems. the HDMI works great and all of the ports are fully  functional.
Very very happy	versatile USB hub useful for flash drives, SIM cards
A simple way to turn a laptop into a full desktop setup	East to use very well built adapter.  It’s compact and easy to take with when I travel.  Very versatile for many of my electronic needs.  I personally use the SD card feature the most.  I am an amateur photographer and take this with my laptop to use for photography.  I am impressed with how well built it feels.  Perfect for what I need.
Durable HUB that stays cool and quiet if you unplug and have correct orientation	This HUB feels durable and has been holding up very well so far for the past 4 months I've had it. Stays cool and my mouse USB as well as two keyboard usb's are quickly identified with no loss of connection or lag time during communication.
Very Useful	I'm very happy with my purchase. It's functional, small enough to carry in a purse or bag and works very well. I recommend this USB adapter!
Easy to use and good quality	Great for the new MacBook which doesn’t have the old USB ports. Added pro has a card reader on it. Small and fits nicely in laptop case.  No need for multiple dongles and way cheaper than the ones from Apple.
Excellent product	I like the different hubs, it's portable, and detachable.  First, used it to connect phone to computer.
So far, so good!	Lightweight, plug and play, great for traveling and at home. Only potential concern is where the cable bends, to take care when packing it away. Wouldn't be able to get anything connected to my MacBook Air without it!!
Good	i use this every day, and very portabel and east to use.
Solid and works well.	No setup required. Plug-and-play without any issues. Plugged the dock into my MacBook Pro (2019), attached a USB  mouse and SanDisk Ultra USB 3.0 and seamlessly copied Windows 10 files from the USB to the MacBook. The FlePow USB 3.1 Type-C is nicely constructed and lightweight. I will get a lot of use out of the FlePow product with the MacBook, because of the lack of ports on the MacBook.
As described - very useful	Great quality product and easy to use! Delivers high quality output and input.
Fast delivery / High quality	This product does its job flawlessly. I initially had a usb-c adapter that required me to take off my laptop case, but with this design of having the short cable into the usb-c port, I no longer need to take off my case. As for the functionality, it is very easy to use, just plug and play. Definitely would recommend this product for anyone needing an adapter. I personally own a macbook pro, and it works amazing on my laptop.
Simple and work perfectly	Bought this to give me more connections for my Mac Air. Works well for HDMI connection & most USB connections. Seems to work best for wired USB connections. I have experienced some lag when using the USB connection to my wireless mouse.
Great Product! Very Compatible and reliable	My son got a Lenovo Yoga for college. It does not have very many traditional USB ports nor did he buy a docking station. The dongle is small and efficiently does what it needs to do for a good price.
compact solid attachment	It works perfectly
Good Value for Money	So far nothing to dislike. Unit works as advertised and fits my requirements.
This works really well!	This product is just what I needed. Highly recommended!
it's convenience to carry around!!!!!	This product works great for my macbook air and it’s easily portable for my daughter when she goes to school!
Great expansion options for your USB C device	This USB-C hub works perfectly and does exactly what I need it to do! I constantly needed to switch my mouse and keyboard and it was an uncomfortable task! Now its so simple and easy.
Works as advertised with a much cooler temperature	I bought one of these and within two weeks of using it, it started having issues.  A week later it stopped working completed.  I sent it back for a refund.  About two months later, the replacement died.  Not a good product.  Look for something better that will last more than a couple of months.
Fast delivery / High quality	This hub worked for a few months and stopped working.
Yes yes yes! A MUST buy for any new Mac users!	Not sure there is much I can say, it is made well, sturdy, and allowed the transfer of files on USB to be quick and easy.
Working great	It's working to me. It's not heavy and it has a good size to carry in bag. I wish they had a silver color.
Overall good buy	Came very quick and seems to be great quality!
Convenient all-in-one Hub!	works as described. like it has 3 usb ports.
Works	Great quality
Good for travel	It's a good travel bag item to keep with my MacBook Pro. Other than having a POWERED (and much more expensive) USB-C hub - this is all I could need for use on the road, or on the couch.  Fairly compact design, and easy to store and travel with. Smaller than some of the other ones I've used or had before. Seems pretty sturdy and well built.
Yes yes yes! A MUST buy for any new Mac users!	I was very pleased with this adapter. Last year, I had purchased another adapter from a different company for double the price and it broke within a year because when I would use it with my laptop on the bed or a surface that wasn't flat, it put pressure on the device.  I can already tell this won't do that the way it is configured. It worked right out of the box and I am very impressed!
Great product!	Since a few weeks, the accessories that I connect to my macbook air 2018 with this adapter no longer work. It stopped reading my iphone X and my Boss pedalboard.  Bad purchase, it only worked for 4 months properly.
Very Satisfied	It works great everytime when I use. Thanks!
Nice addition !	I honestly like this product. It has perfect space between USB ports and the HDMI port is on the other side which makes it easy to plug in/plug out. The size is pretty compact and this dark grey color perfectly matches with my macbook pro. I would recommend this product.Thanks
IPad pro bff	I love this product a lot! First, it has a good price compare to others and still run perfectly well. Second, it has the right amount of plugs that I need: 3 USB 3.0, 1 HDMI, 1 TF, and 1 HD Card! I am a photographer so it really helps me in connecting with different hard drives and camera memories with just one hub. Thank you FlePlow!
Great Customer Service	The adaptor is easy to take around, it is very easy to attach and remove. Easily distinguished from less effective adaptors. High performance and durability, the product is very essential, especially for everyday macbook users like myself that can grab this adaptor, and be able to charge my phone, plug in USB plugs, and even use it to for other types of wired products. Without this product my macbook would not be as user friendly as it is.
Great product for use when traveling.	The USB C Hub Multiport Adapter allows me to hook up to external hard drives, usb drives and even charge a phone when on the road.  It worked seamlessly with my MacBook Pro.
Amazing tool for your Mac in a world that is not 100% Mac yet	I was pleasantly surprised the card reader was reading my SD card at up to 80mbs. All the ports work as advertised.
Good	I originally bought it just for USB port, but later on I found out it also a HDMI port where I can connect my Mac with another monitor! The quality is nice and is very portable.
Works preety good	This is a great device of perfect size.
Works Great	The product is exactly what is described in the description and I have had no problems since purchasing it. It works perfectly for my Macbook Pro.
Very good quality, works perfectly	Great product.
Great product at a great price.	My favorite feature is how you can create endless chains of dongles. Longest yet? 400 dongles. I had to reach the outlet to charge my MacBook from across the room.
Durable HUB that stays cool and quiet if you unplug and have correct orientation	This USB Hub is very solidly-built using (I'm assuming) aluminum instead of plastic.  I like that it can be used as an OTB adapter -- I'm able to use a mouse and/or read SD cards on my cell phone by plugging it into my USB-C charge port.  MY PC also reads it immediately when plugged in.
Works seamlessly with PC but very limited with iPad.	This is the second USB C Hub Multiport Adapter I have bought for my Macbook Pro.  The first one was from a different company and didnt last two months.  I bought this one back in December and love it.  I travel a lot for work and use this adapter on a daily basis.  I have used every port on this thing multiple times and it hasnt let me down once.  the transfer time from external hard drive to my computer is fast through the unit and I would highly recomend it to any for professional use or home use.  Well worth the money.
Very Durable	Perfect!
Small and portable	great product works as expected and surprisingly very small.
Versatile!	Just got it- nice material, worked instantly with my mouse and keyboard. 5/5
Great sleek and sturdy semi-compact product.  * 4.5/5 *	My new MacBook Pro has 4 USB-C ports. But most of my accessories require a USB-A connector. This handy little hub provides the connectivity I need. Plus SD and Micro SD, as well as an HDMI port. Very high build quality, and it works just the way it is supposed to. As a nice touch, the brushed aluminum looks great next to the MBP.
Highly recommend	The cable was too short.  It hangs from an iMac.
Why i like this product?	I attach this to my laptop and connects me to all my devices. Easy and just what I need. I highly recommend this to anyone.
Fast delivery / High quality	This is a great product,I have a mouse at my office and one at my home office that requires USB ports. With this product, I can use multiple items.
Durable HUB that stays cool and quiet if you unplug and have correct orientation	Apple is too trendy to put any USB 3.0 connectors in its newest MacBook Pro, but I needed to plug 2 in. This USB C hub does the trick. The SD card part is a bonus, for importing photos from my DSLR. Great little hub at a great price.
Worth it's price	Muy buen producto de excelente calidad.
Está  muy  bueno	Es un producto muy  bueno se los recomiendo
Great quality and value.	I purchased this device along with my laptop due to the need for a USB port.  When I saw this, I liked the extra options.  I've used a couple of the options and it worked well.  I would recommend it.
Great USB C Hub	This adapter ended up being a great purchase. It is worth the price and it works well with my new laptop!
Delightfully small, elegantly powerful but....	I had been successfully using this product since its arrival, mostly just plugging the USB send unit, occasionally using the Memory card slot.  Since the Covid-19 shutdown, I have been copying my Vinyl albums to digital, and this is where I found the problem.  When I plug my USB turntable into one of the ports on the hub, and start my software application, EZ Vinyl/Tape Converter (which came as part of my Numark Turntable), I lost most control of my mouse, it either wouldn't move, or jump uncontrollably, even after putting in new batteries.I plug my turntable into a regular USB port, there is no problemI understand that I have a very unique set of circumstances, but, I think that this is something those considering this USB hub should be aware of
USB C Hub Multiport Adapter use	This is my first MAC that I needed a docking station for and would highly suggest this to any MAC user that has a MAC with USB-C only ports.
Great purchase	Just what we were looking for.  Solid build quality!  Good purchase.
	
   Useful, compact dongle. I was using this with my iPad Pro with the USB-C port. Simple connection via HDMI to a monitor to stream from the iPad without an Apple TV device. Easy plug and play functionality with a Logitech keyboard to allow for typing on the iPad. And last but not least plug in a USB drive, SD, or Micro SD to view, upload or download photos. Overall, useful when you need to do a little more with your iPad than usual or when you're in a fix and need a quick alternative to get things done.

	
  There aren't a lot of options on this USB-Hub, but there's triple the USB ports. They all worked really well. I used the microSD and SD card slots more since I transfer pictures and files a lot. They both worked nicely. The USB-Hub fit perfectly into the box without being able to damage the Hub when taking it out. I've seen those that fit too tightly and it made me not want to put it back ever again. I also had to rip the box to get it out. I like that I didn't have to download an app in order to use it, which has happened to me before. There's 1 HDMI port, but I didn't really have a use for it as of now. I used 2 USB ports though. 1 for my mouse and the other for my keyboard. I couldn't think of anything else for the 3rd USB port since I don't use thumb drives anymore. The double screening is overkill for me... Mainly because I don't have another screen. Because using this hub was so easy, I didn't have to use the manual. I only skimmed through it to see if I'm missing anything or don't know something after I tested the hub on my own. I didn't feel it get hot fast either. I think because of the aluminum and it depends on what is being used. There wasn't a cheap feel to it, but a great quality one. This hub is small, so I was able to take it on trips with me. And! I was able to keep it in the box to protect it too. The box isn't that big of a difference to the hub, so yay! Take this hub on your next trip. It'll be worth it with all those ports and slots. ;)

	
   I love it😍is very useful and easy to use and works very well.Even I can connect it to my cell phone to see the contents of my USBI totally recommend it

	
  The Samsung laptop I recently purchased lacked sufficient ports.  As I have to use some of the things simultaneously, it was critical that I expand my ports  This looked like a good choice based on other buyer's feedback.  Sometimes there is a correlation between cost and name brand.  While name brand manufacturer's offer a similar device for a higher selling price, I don't know that there would be any additions to the quality or performance in this case.  You are paying for the name brand at least in this instance.The build quality is fabulous.  It looks expensive and feels expensive.  While that is great (I did like that it matched the Samsung laptop as if they were made together), the critical thing was performance.  I just spent several hours using this and the performance exceeded my expectations.I plugged in simultaneously a 256 GB Samsung Flash drive, a 16GB thumbdrive, a 64 GB SD card and the receiver for the mouse.  I opened all devices, moved files from one device to another and on to the laptop while directing the traffic with the mouse. Everything worked as if it was plugged in to its own dedicated port.  (Not sure why I doubted that it would work.)  Oh and I put in a micro SD card, formatted it and then moved files on and off of it from the laptop and from other drives plugged into the port.  If there is any way to overload the system, I didn't find it.  Granted my files were not complex (typically photos) but this handled it without issue.If I have a complaint it is that even as small and compact as this device is, I expect with everything plugged into a port, the weight may result in the device coming unplugged if I lift the laptop and fail to support the device.  In other words, if I leave it hanging I fear the weight will pull it out.  It didn't happen today so perhaps my fears are without foundation.  Unless there is an edit hear assume that this is NOT a problem.  I move the laptop around with me constantly.  I have gotten into watching documentaries (right now I am deep into whales, thank you National Geographic and guys do you have to keep showing footage of the big orcas eating all the babies?).  It is great to be able to take a break, watch a bit and then get back to work.  Yes I could remove the devices, but them I wouldn't remember where I put them or I would put them somewhere stupid and spend forever trying to find them.  From my point it is far more efficient to leave everything I am using plugged in.  Hence my concern.  If anyone has come up with a way to attach this to their laptop I would love to hear about it.  I thought about putting some Velcro on the back of the laptop lid and on the back of this device, but I doubt there is enough cord length.  While an overly long cord is a pain in the butt, a few more inches here would have offered me a bit more flexibility. Anyone else who comes up with a way to affix this please let me know.While the seller is providing a gift for leaving feedback that did not influence my rating or my assessment.  I rely heavily on the ratings when making purchases and know how important an honest review is.  Great product at a great price really does sum this one up.

	
  I use this at the office. We have an open office plan, so I take my computer and find a different place to work frequently. I need to plug in my headset and keyboard dongle repeatedly, so I just leave them plugged in to this so I can attach all my USB Type A devices and an HDMI monitor all at once to my laptop USB C connection. Saves wear and tear on the USB dongles, and I never break one off in my computer any more. This device looks well made and feels very solid (no "twist") and seems like it will last quite a while.

	
  This product was surprisingly higher quality than I expected. It has a space grey aluminum body with a short rubber cable. I have been using this product for about two weeks and everything is working perfectly fine. Although when I plug things in like my phone there is a bit of lag between the time of insertion to recognition on my computer. At first I thought it was broken, but I just needed to wait a couple of seconds first before my phone starts to charge and be recognized by my computer. I use a 2017 MacBook so I only I have usb type C port on my computer and this product makes things helpful. Although I wish there was a usb type C on the Hub because I would have liked to charge while having accessories plugged into my computer. My computer's battery is fine so it's not much of a concern for myself, but if I had a different computer with a smaller battery or the consumption is greater I probably wouldn't recommend if you only have one port. If you have a Macbook or Macbook Air or any other laptop I would recommend this Hub to use. I also tested this on my Lenovo Spectre and it has no problems here as well. I have not use this on products like tablets with a USB type C port, so I don't know how the functionality would work and can not give an honest review about it. All in all, a quality product that is both function and portable.

	
  This hub is very functional because of the variety of ports it offers. It is great for me as a business travel because it’s small and compact, and also my laptop has very limited ports but this hub will allow me to connect with other technology in hotels, conference rooms, etc.

	
  Device works intermittently on MacBook Pro 2018 with USB mice and Wacom digitizing pad.  Multiple mice and dongles were tried with the same result of a jumping mouse cursor across the screen.  New Logitech mice were not faulty as they worked perfectly with other laptops with USB ports.  Getting warranty support hasn't been simple, required Amazon customer support for almost an hour to get return contact info, and will update this review once things are resolved.  The style is great, but it doesn't work.  I really want to give this device praise if it works as advertised.  In short, this purchase failed in light of other 5 star reviews of this product.+++Update, A Miracle made things right by sending out a replacement. (as they responded below). Thanks A-Miracle.

	
  My main purpose for purchasing this was for use with a wireless mouse and my Macbook Pro. It serves that purpose with no issue. I decided to get this device because it had other uses than just a USB. I use the HDMI slot to plug in my monitor and it works great. But my favorite feature is being able to plug in my camera's SD card and mini SD! I am so glad I opted to purchase this adapter vs. a simple USB adapter. I have read people having difficulty using adapters and wifi at the same time, but I have not experienced a delay of any sort. Great product!

	
  Update again:  After more communication with the company they did send me a new unit and the system is now working again with SD cards.UPDATE: After about four months the SD slots quit working while the USB ports continue to work.  I contacted the company and they responded that they would send out a replacement unit.  Weeks have gone by and I have never received the replacement and they are no longer answering any  of my Emails.  So now I have to say that while the failure might be bad enough, not having the company respond any more is worse.I bought this for my computer because the SD card slot was too difficult to get to.  This unit has both an SD slot and a micro SD slot so I do not need the adapter.  I also did some tests with a USB 3 thumb drive vs. the same thumb drive on a USB 3 hub and was very surprised in the difference of speed in writing to the thumb drive.  I have since removed that hub and I am only using this for my peripherals.

	
  I purchased this item for use with my Macbook Pro...because that device is seriously deficient in ports.  This enabled me to use a monitor, mouse and keyboard while at my desktop.  Very reliable too!

	
  After upgrading to a new Macbook Air I didn't realize it didn't have a traditional USB port. This USB-C hub is just what I needed. It seems to be well constructed (don't feel cheaply made) and works.

	
  This product does its job well; my only complaint is very minor: when I close my Macbook, a little blue light on the adapter stays on1. I just unplug it from my computer then so it doesn't bother me.

	
  I recently bought a MacBook Pro which has four lightning bolt ports - no USB, Firewire, Cat-5, HDMI ports or SD card reader.  I'm a photographer and most of my photos are Camera Raw on SD cards.This this device is small enough to pack in the zippered pouch that came with my laptop sleeve so I will have it handy when I travel.Please note:This USB Hub does not provide power. If you want to use a powered drive such as Apple's Super Drive, you will need a  direct connection adapter to the computer.

	
  This is an excellent addition to my iPad Pro. I added a keyboard mouse and monitor as well as usb hard drives and sd cards from my dslr camera. With ios13, the file management is awesome too. Solid build quality too.

	
  I got this product to go with my new 13inch 2019 Macbook Air. It works very well. The ports all work and it give me plenty of options for connect various devices. The color even matches the space gray of the laptop as well. Highly Recommended! Very small and easily transported as well.The HDMI adapter works well and very fast. No glitching at all. Well made product! I would buy again.

	
  This Multiport adapter serves all my needs for my new Macbook Air.  HDMI input to my monitor and extra USB ports as well as micro ports.  Simple to attach and highly portable.  Does the job and is a great value for the price.

	
  Convenient, easy to use and carry along. I plan to buy another to keep at my office.

	
  I like it a lot, it is sturdy but very compact and it travels well. Not a problem since I bought it a couple of months ago. I would buy it again and I recommend it to anybody in need of the usual USB plugs!

	
  Solid, well-constructed device. The HDMI, 3 USB 3.0 ports and two SD card slots provide the ability to do more with my iPad Pro.

	
  Sometimes it's hard to find a hub that works well with a mac. This one works perfectly. Every slot reads correctly and the speed is good. The hdmi port has a good transfer rate for picture quality.

	
  I love this product because I use it all the time. The fact that it has an HDMI input and an SD card input aswell as more than enough USB inputs makes it useful across many different devices of mine. Especially my mac book! This is much more worth it than three expensive apple adapters.

	
  This device is small, so it's very portable, but it's powerful.  It has 3 USB plugs, both an SD and Micro SD slot and an HDMI plug.  I can plug everything I need using one port on my Macbook.  I just got it, but so far it seems to take care of all of my needs.

	
  The adapter is great quality and has a really nice hand feel.  Works great!

	
  I have been using the product for a couple weeks now and I have not been disappointed. My main use are the USB ports and they all work properly. I also tested the other ports once and they worked as well. The build is solid and the cable part is a bit stiff. But I don't really need it to bend so I just leave it as it is. Overall, I'd say this is probably one of the best Hub that is out there on the market.

	
  Product is very efficient. It does it's job as expected. Very light, easy to carry, can connect multiple devices at the same time & works great. Really worth your money, don't have to spend a lot of money when you have this product.

	
  I bought this during Black Friday for the expand-ability and have been using it with our TV for the HDMI adapter to run movies from my laptop since my laptop had a firewire port but no HDMI port.  I've been please with it.  And at $20 after tax received a decent discount at the time.

	
  It is the perfect item! It is easy for me to remove and change from computer to computer. I had no way to plug my gaming headphones in since they do not have the normal  plug and this was a life saver!

	
  I recently got a new laptop and do a lot of work using a lot of external hardrives and plug-ins. I love that it has a card reader and mini card reader as well as the 3 usb slots. It doesn't feel like its going to break and seems pretty sturdy. It's also small which is good for travel.

	
  I recently had to replace my old macbook pro with a new one with touch bars, and with only usb-c port, and it felt like all the sudden, all my devices lost access to my labtop. So I bought this, and it's really helpful! It has about the right amount and type of ports, not too much so you need to carry a lot, not too little that you have to buy another one. Quality is great, and the color looks great with my laptop too. Love!

	
  A very useful adapter for all the newer Apple Macs since they come with only two ports. Very durable and doesn't take up space at all. Over all it's a must have for any Mac user in need of extra ports.

	
  This product is good value for the price.

	
  I love this product! So helpful to use with new Apple products for converting and uploading items from drives/cards etc. great price too.

	
  Works great, exactly what I needed. Love that it has an SD port, too. Very handy and useful.

	
  This was needed to use with a new MacBook Pro which only has USB C3 ports.  This was needed to attach other external devices.  This is just as shown.It's very well made and has worked perfectly with every device I've attached.  It serves my needs perfectly.

	
  This hub provides a large number of ports in a small, stylish form factor.  Looks good with my Mac and keeps my other port on my Mac free.  Haven't used it for video yet but based on the hub's performance everywhere else, I can't imagine I would have an issue.

	
  Perfect item for the ipad pro, also for the macbook. Im so recommend it for my friend definitely.

	
  what i like about this device is that it saves my usb ports. More often than not constant useage of usb ports inevitably make them non functional. This way I just plug this thing into my usb c plug and it is a more solid connection and less likely to wear out than the standard usb ports on my laptop.

	
  I finally switched to a MacBook after using PC's and Chromebooks for so long. I was surprised to see that my new laptop had no standard USB ports or even a port for an external SD card. Ordered this c-hub from Amazon Prime. Came in 2 days and works like a charm! I'm a MUA and Youtuber so the extra ports come in handy. There's even a little white LED light to let you know it's on and working. No complaints so far.

	
  The all aluminum body is sturdy, cool looking and it has a lot of ports, all while staying in the lower price range.

	
  Worked great ad t as I did not have enough plug in on my computer .

	
  I paid three times as much a couple of years ago for a product like this. I travel with it and it works but it heats up so much it is uncomfortable to touch. This product stays much cooler.

	
  Easy to use, with all the necessary functionality you want from an adapter.Nothing negative to remark.And good value!

	
  Me agrado la diversidad de dispositivos que se pueden conectar y la rapidez que se aprecia, lo recomiendo ampliamente.....

	
  Works great and really helps to save some space with how small it is. Really glad I found this one with the HDMI output, and that it was so much cheaper than all the other ones that I was looking at. I definitely recommend getting this over some of the more expensive ones out there!

	
  Works great

	
  especially because the MacBook Air does not have the ports that this adapter provides.The price is also very good.

	
  Of the 4 adapters I have tried with my Surface Go, this is the best. No freezing of the mouse and no overheating. I had to return it because I need an Ethernet port, so looking for this same brand, different model.

	
  Good product, works as intended. Would recommend.

	
  Very useful and accesible

	
  Super practical for most peripheral applications. Most new MacBooks have only USB-C ports, so this is great for connecting all other devices that need standard USB and HDMI connections. The SD and Micro SD card readers also cover most current camera cards. The USB-C plug cable is about 5" long, so you can hide it behind your laptop to keep a clear desk. Purchased it to replace a Hyperdrive hub, as it has one more USB port.

	
  This port is great, I've been using it daily for a few months now and it has everything I need in it. It's very small and lightweight so it's perfect to just throw in my bag and bring with me to work!

	
  Great product, work well.

	
  I have a Mac, which of course doesn’t have the normal USB ports with are essential for connecting just about anything. This product works perfectly and even fits my sd cards. It was a good investment.

	
  I love this product. I use it with my new Mac Book Pro so that I can plug in many devices. The price was great and so are all the features.

	
  This is a great device.  Ports for SD or micro SD as well as USB ports for additional devices.  Love this as I can connect my phone and use DEX.

	
  I have purchased several multiport adapters, and this is as good as they come.

	
  Very nice product! It seems very well made and its been working great without any issues. I definitely recommend it!

	
  Very satisfied with the product. Comes in handy when you need the extra ports.

	
  Compared to Samsung or Apple prices you can get the same product for a great price here!

	
  Liked it for its size and weight. Used for printing from my mac to my printer.

	
  Purchased on Sep 1st, 2019.  Compact size.  It functions as described,  no issue so far.

	
  It’s so compact and easy to use. Highly recommend.

	
  I liked this product. It has all the ports that I mostly used. The Color  perfectly matches with my MacBook Pro. No issues so far.

	
  Worked well out of the box, exactly what I needed.

	
  It just does the job! I’ve had it for a couple months and it’s been a great for all my usb needs.

	
  Worked well. No issues!

	
  this product is as described.  it has proven to be very useful....works great

	
  Great product! And works perfectly!!

	
  My New MacBook Pro Now is connectable. It has only USB-C ports!

	
  It feels sturdy. Good buy

	
  Works fine. What I needed

	
  Well made quality product

	
  Works just as advertised.

	
  Great value for your buck

	
  Nice product worth buying

	
  Just as described. Thanks

	
  It fits my needs. Enough said.

	
  Definitely recommended!!

	
  This adapter works as expected. Highly recommend!

	
  Nice product!

	
  Good material and very portable for on the go

	
  It does everything it promises and more!

	
  I am highly satisfied with this product.

	
  I really like the color of this product.

	
  It's good for mac computer

	
  Works Great.

	
  Súper bueno,

	
  Works better than my last adapter

	
  Well built, good for price

	
  Does exactly what I need.

	
  Súper

	
  product is ok, and their customer service is getting better

	
  Very sleek and well built. Highly recommended!

	
  Cool design and perfect function! Good quality

	
  Exactly as described. Portable and simplistic.

	
  Works well so far, very compact.

	
  Does a solid job. No complaints.

	
  Works great, and product matches my space gray mac book perfectly.

	
  Works as expected.

	
  I LOVE THIS PRODUCT! IT ARRIVED FAST AND IT HAS EVERYTHING ONE NEEDS. WOULD BUY AGAIN!

	
  Product works as advertised.  It came on time.  No issues.

	
  Nice and Compact. Functional and looks really nice.

	
  it works amazing! buying some more for the holidays

	
  Awesome product, does exactly what i need it to do.

	
  Good quality and matches my space grey macbook pro!

	
  I love that it matches the color of my MacBook Pro.

	
  This USB is all-inclusive for my laptop. I love it.

	
  Looks good. Feels sturdy and durable.

	
  great quality hub. works as intended.

	
  Fast shipping! Good Quality! The Item as described! Thanks!

	
  The hub adapter is perfect for travel.  Thin and well made.

	
  Have had it a few months now and not a problem. Works great

	
  Color almost perfectly matches by laptop and it works great

	
  Works like a charm! Would recommend to anyone

	
  Works great and matches my MacBook perfectly.

	
  Incredible piece with a fair price. Love it!!

	
  Great adapter offering nany options. Love it.

	
  this works just like it was an apple product.

	
  Exactly What I was looking for!

	
  Excellent product. Works great!

	
  Very high quality for the buck.

	
  Works really well

	
  Very good product

	
  Very good product

	
  Working perfectly

	
  It works as needed. really only use it for mouse hook ups on a Mac.

	
  I'm very satisfied with the price point of this product, and the functionality/quality are perfect for the price as well!

	
  Great value, high quality. Works great.

	
  This item does exactly what its supposed to do! I'm happy.

	
  Awesome product !! I really recommend !

	
  Works great, small for traveling, plenty of adapting ports

	
  Good product. Does what you needs to do

	
  sleek product that matches the the MacBook Pro space grey.

	
  Works great!

	
  Sturdy, attractive, and works as advertised;.

	
  Good design and quality. Havent tested the speed，should be great.

	
  Works great, good price for a very handy item

	
  Great quality product for good price, well build, this is perfect all what I was looking for five star for me.

	
  Good transfer speeds, build quality is solid.

	
  Great product easy to use

	
  It was easy to use and it works as it should.

	
  I have Macbook pro 2019. It works with seagate backup drive

	
  Everything performs flawlessly and quickly. Only thing missing is a USB-C port.

	
  I really liked the compact size of the adapter and its very convenient to carry on flight.

	
  I like the versatility of the multi-plug adaptor and it's easy to transport.

	
  Works as expected.

	
  Very solid quality overall, been using it for A few months now no complaints

	
  Works as advertised

	
  Meets a variety of needs in order to access and download to computer.

	
  Very good product. Makes laptop ports so much more pliable

	
  Works exactly how I wanted it to and looks good.

	
  Great price, great functionality, would recommend to anyone with MacBook

	
  The product is very convenient for Macbook user.

	
  Very fast and clean. Very satisfied all metal case looks and feels great

	
  Great product, works well! Sleek design as well.

	
  It's working super well! I really like it. I always bring it with my macbook pro.

	
  Hasn’t given me any problems! I love all the different ports, especially when I am on the go.

	
  We owned a smaller version but we love having more usb options and it works great!

	
  Sleek professional look with multiple ports!! great product!!

	
  Nice hub. Expands usability of laptop with only usb-c ports and very portable too!

	
  I love the material and the slimmest design of the product totally worth it

	
  It's perfect, it works great with both my Samsung Note 8 and my Microsoft Surface.

	
  Works with my MacBook Pro. Extremely light, thank you!

	
  Works great and I love that it has multiple usb ports.

	
  Great product.

	
  Great product!

	
  Works exactly as described!

	
  Great product and price. Includes all necessary accessory ports missing from macbook air.

	
  Great bang for your buck. Good quality product, no softwares to install just plug and play. The color matches perfectly  to my new mac.

	
  The adapter works great with my macbook. I can plug in my mouse as well as my hard drive.

	
  works well for me. Can't say much about the quality, but seems nice

	
  I love this product. This is exactly what I was looking for and it is a quality material.

	
  I love how it has so many USB ports but also has others, and it's portability is awesome.

	
  The quality on the product is better than I expected. It feels so premium. Works perfect!

	
  The product is very light weighted and slim, which is very beneficial for transportation.

	
  Amazing product. Was very easy to set up and it is great for traveling use.

	
  I like how versatile the hub is and all the ports work amazing.

	
  Everything I need in 1 device at a great price.

	
  Small, all the sockets work, theres no problem with the cables!

	
  Easy to use and works very well with my laptop.

	
  Exactly as advertised, if I'm being ultra critical, wish it came with a little carrying bag

	
  This product worked great at was such a good deal for the price. Great product and I highly recommend it!!

	
  Really like the parcel. Came in brand new! It works too! Really excited to use. Easy and light! Recommend!

	
  Item works as described

	
  Everything works as it should and it looks great!

	
  Great product, I bout this for my MacBook Pro so I could mirror it to my tv!

	
  It’s very nice to carry and slim. Better than any other product found online

	
  Highly recommended. Great for macbooks since they do not have any USB ports.

	
  Exactly what I was looking for to charge my iPhone  while working on my Mac!

	
  I really like how it cooperates very well with all cases unlike most other adapters for the Mac!!

	
  This is a quality product, I like the material finish. Gave me extra ports to use with my laptop.

	
  I was a little nervous to buy an attachment that wasn't apple for my Mac, but it works perfectly!

	
  I’m using with my MacBook Pro and it works as advertised. High build quality and reasonable price

	
  This usb c adapter is amazing. Very portable and extremely fast read times. Would definitely recommend to anyone. Also very lightweight.

	
  It's so nice to carry just one adapter for my external monitor, SD cards and USB mouse! The color matches my space grey Macbook Pro too!

	
  works well with my pc. good quality.

	
  Very satisfied with this purchase. The hub does not feel cheap like other hubs I bought. Really compact for on the go.

	
  Small, compact, easy to use!

	
  I ordered a new laptop and ordered this to go with it. It has worked great for me.

	
  Works flawlessly and I love it! Would definitely buy again and recommend!

	
  The HDMI port works well and the color of the Hub matches my Macbook. I would recommend this product.

	
  This Product works as expected and is easy to carry around.  Color matches well with the MacBook Pro.

	
  The Adapter works great and has all the functions I need. It came fast and was exactly as advertised.

	
  I use it for work to connect a mouse, keyboard, and phone charger, and it works great with no issues.

	
  Its lightweight and functional. It easy ti use. i like the design slim and can be carried everywhere.

	
  Perfect for my needs

	
  My previous review was confused with a different brand.  This brand works perfectly.  I use it daily.

	
  Best port that I have purchased.

	
  Nothing bad to say, works great.

	
  good

	
  Does everything as advertised, and a good price for the port selection and quality. Would recommend for sure.

	
  Does exactly what it claims. Well made. Caveat - not intended to hook up devices that require external power.

	
  The product is just what I needed to connect my laptop to a large screen. It is high quality and easy to use.

	
  Great quality, works quite well with my MacBook Pro. Would recommend to any MacBook owner!

	
  Very good material, exaclty the same as described on Amazon shopping. Comes in a small box very well packed. No installation required, just plug&play

	
  I love the portability of this device. Never fails and it very sturdy overall. Would highly recommend!

	
  This is great. Lightweight. Works great.

	
  Great product!  A must have for MacBook!

	
  great design, the cable should have been 5 cm longer.

	
  I have been using this product for several weeks. It definitely fit my need of additional ports. Highly recommend.

	
  Multipurpose and compact.

	
  Very small, lightweight dongle. It is very powerful as well. 100% would recommend it.

	
  Function very well. Got all the ports I need and still function after 6-month of use.

	
  Matches my space gray Macbook Pro well, looks sleek, and has all of the ports I need.

	
  It works super well. Have had it now for several months and absolutely no problems. Super reliable.

	
  Very portable and handy. All the 7 ports function well on the new MacBook pro. Worth for its price.

	
  A very compact well designed USB C Hub with multiple ports. Snaps in securely to our MacBook Pro computer. Very pleased.

	
  It arrived on time. The product's description is accurate. It has been helping me in a lot of ways.

	
  Perfect condition out of box, all ports worked 👍🏽

	
  Works great.  Solid construction

	
  This product worked well for me to be able to connect my projector to my computer via HDMI.

	
  Out of all the options, this adapter right here will serve all of your 5in1 needs for video editing, gaming, ect.

	
  This product does exactly what you'd hope it would do. Super compact and fits nicely with my MacBook Air.

	
  Works perfectly, arrived promptly, and has been of such use ever since !!! It works great with my MacBook

	
  I have been using this device daily for six months, and it has worked beautifully. I highly recommend it.

	
  Great product. Love how compact it is and how easy it will be to travel with.

	
  Works as advertised. Multiple USB ports make it very convenient. Great for the price and will purchase again.

	
  Works great with my new Asus laptop. Plug and play - no issues. Very happy !!

	
  I use this when tethering to Lightroom, and this product works very well and very fast. I would recommend it.

	
  Product as described, quality better than expected for the price point.  Ordered two of them and both work as intended.

	
  This product works great for my macbook air and it’s easily portable for my daughter when she goes to school!

	
  I am so glad I purchased this. It is compact and easy to use, with so many different functions! I would 100% recommend.

	
  All ports connected to single hub which is very helpful and the product so clean and working with great speed

	
  A very compact and convenient product for the everyday traveller with a new Mac Book Pro! I highly recommend.

	
  All ports work. It's slim, fits neatly in my bag, and does what it's supposed to.

	
  Very good price for a very good product! Works well and does what it is supposed to do!

	
  I am happy for the fact that I can import all of my film footage and usb storage documents to my computer with this device.

	
  I’d loved it!!! It is very easy to use everyday. I do highly recommended it to my family and friends.

	
  The best product for connecting all your devices; a great mini hub - highly recommended for home office setup or traveling.

	
  I like the fact that it is very well made and that it has connections for all your devices.  I would order this again.

	
  This adapter allows me to plug in an ergonomic keyboard to my laptop and also my foot pedal for transcription work at home.

	
  Great Product and very easy to connect multiples devices at one time.  Sleek design and less weight makes it worry free to carry.

	
  Great little device that allows me to plug in multiple chargers AND be able plug-in a monitor. Great value, better product.

	
  I bought one for each laptop I own.  I'm very pleased.  They work great and I'm very impressed with the quality of the materials.

	
  This Hub is excellent. Allowed me to increase the use of my Mac!!

	
  Excellent product. Nice having all the different ports for camera SD cards, HDMI, and USB ports for maximum “bang for your buck”.

	
  I am very satisfied with this product, it worked very well for me

	
  it worths every penny you spent for this product, there is no way you can compete the price and quality, definitely 5-star review

	
  Every port works, and the item is very portable. All the cables that i've tried on the adapter work without any hassle. No complaints.

	
  Attractive and streamlined design, lightweight, lots of ports (HDMI, SD Card reader, usb), great for travel. Works great, thanks!

	
  Everything about this dongle is excellent. It provides a durable and sustainable solution for computers with USB-C Ports. A must have!

	
  It is pretty good! Multi-ports, fits well! Highly recommend!

	
  Works great as described. I like that the color closely matches Apple's Space Grey computers. Have note had any issues with it so far!

	
  Good build quality also

	
  This product stays connected always no matter the position of the cable and my MAC has no issues with it.

	
  This adapter ended up being a great purchase. It is worth the price and it works well with my new laptop!

	
  Honestly this has all you can ask for a port hub. Lightweight, cool, excellent materials and gets the job done. Definitely worth the price.

	
  USB thunderbolt adapter is fantastic. I own a recording studio and it over exceeded my expectations. Great product!!!!!

	
  The USB hub has worked great with my Dell Laptop. Nice compact design and multiple ports pretty much needed for the new laptops these days.

	
  This hub works fantastically for my Macbook Pro.  No issues, and the 4K HDMI was a necessity. Cannot be beat for the money!

	
  Bought this for my new Mac that doesn't have any USB ports.  Works great and I like that it allows me to plug in three USB devices at once!

	
  I bought this for my MacBook Pro this is great little hub it performs well for my needs the best part of it was price. I have no issues with it.

	
  Works as it should. Easy setup and easy use. Great value.

	
  I've had it for a while now and I have had zero problems with it. The cord is somewhat un-flexible but other than that it is a fantastic product.

	
  This is a great product. Small and thin enough that it fits in my purse along with my laptop. Would recommend!

	
  The product arrived quickly and has been extremely beneficial in decluttering my desk. Highly recommend.

	
  Great way to add devices.

	
  Good device...properly priced....met my expectation.

	
  Highly recommend. It’s made well and provides the extra necessary plugins I need for my Macbook!

	
  Sturdy & serves it’a purpose. Very nice sleek finish that matches that of the macbook pro.

	
  Super slick design, thin and compact, and perfect for travel. Does exactly what I need it to do.

	
  So great! Good quality

	
  All ports of hub work really well and it does not overheat. It also has a really nice sleek design and is super lightweight.

	
  Really like this product.  Easy to use and great for travel.  Bought a second one.  Hard to beat for the price.

	
  Great product for the money, the build quality for what you pay is awesome on my iPad Pro and it works perfect. I’m buying another for my son’s Mac air

	
  This product works great, it has everything I need to connect peripheral devices.  It appears to be built well with quality products.

	
  The most think I like about this USB Come Hub is that It is light weight and more reliable. Also the material quality is elegant and works really good.

	
  Great hub for my new Macbook Pro laptop.  It has numerous ports so many different types of external devices will connect. Great value and quality.

	
  This is the best thing ever i needed for my laptop!! I'm so glad i got this I love it already it's like a gift from god!!!

	
  The product is exactly what is described in the description and I have had no problems since purchasing it. It works perfectly for my Macbook Pro.

	
  Works great, can use my TV as my laptop now with the HDMI adapter/connector. Very pleased with the purchase.

	
  I wish the dongle had a USB-C port in it as well, but honestly for what I needed this thing works great! No issues at all! Would highly recommend.

	
  Great device

	
  Portable hub to add another HDMI projector/screen to your existing setup.  Works as described and easy to setup... just plug it in.

	
  This is a perfect portable device. I am using it for both macbook as well as windows docking station.  Very much satisfied with the product. no issues found.

	
  Great product, for a great price.

	
  The product works as expected and allowed me to set up two monitors (my laptop has only one HDMI port) and is essentially a cheap (but good) docking station.

	
  Slim design, plug and play. Handy, useful and functional

	
  Great product! Small and convenient - easy to transport. Very sleek looking. No problems with function so far!! Would recommend.

	
  I liked the size of the adapter, fits perfectly into my pencil bag. I am a college student and it’s perfect for any adapter I may need!!

	
  Perfect adapter works perfectly with Mac mini. I was worried when I ordered  as it was not listed as one of  compatible Mac models.

	
  This usb hub adapter works great- recommend. It has been used almost daily for several months.

	
  Ordered this product a couple months ago and it works fantastic! The quality of the mirrored display is perfect and everything works flawless!

	
  This hub is well made. It feels sturdy, but is light weight. I connect multiple midi controllers and it works flawlessly. Price to quality is amazing.

	
  Absolute necessity for iPad Pro users, easy to use and fully capable of travel.

	
  It's an amazing piece. I just want everyone to know (you would know this if you read everything) it's only 6 ports. Still amazing. Thank you

	
  I have bought this adapter for about two weeks. It used to connected the monitor and the keyboard for my new Macbook Pro. It is in good use and I have bought another one for use at home.

	
  This hub is excellent if you need multiple ports without having to use multiple dongles. Perfect for your Macbook Pro. I am very pleased with this purchase.

	
  very easy to use, and very sleek looking, and I haven't had any issues so far.I would definite recommend.

	
  The product is great!  There is no extra software needed to get things going.  It’s lightweight and has all the necessary ports you need for daily function.

	
  If all you need is three USB ports this will do the job. It's also light and easy to travel with. Give my macbook the extra functionality it needs.

	
  This product has a good build and work very well. I love that it is made out of the same material and is the exact same color as the space grey MacBook Pro.

	
  this product arrives quickly and intact. It is way smaller than I expected. I especially like the slim design--its small and sharp. It works great!

	
  Very pleased with my adapter, reads SD cards, USB hubs for printers and my external mouse, HDMI is great to connecting the televisions to watch movies, 5/5.

	
  Device works as expected.  I can use my Note 8 like a pc with a keyboard and mouse with HDMI to TV.  It also will be useful with my Surface tablet.

	
  This macbook accessory is made of quality material, matches my space gray macbook pro, and is great for HDMI, SD cards, USB, etc.

	
  Great product. Color matched my MacBook Air.

	
  Very useful. Works like a charm. I used this on my macbook pro and I was able to display on screen and use the ports with my external hard drive just fine. Highly recommend.

	
  Great product that has everything you need.

	
  Used USB C Hub Multiport Adapter to attach to my laptop.  Works great, increased capacity of my USB items that I need to connect to. Also, the card reader works very fast .

	
  Got the product last week, works as expected and is clean and compact. Been working well, no problems thus far and hopefully none in the future, would recommend!

	
  Great product... Super easy to use.  Better with a short cord than having to plug the whole "brick" into the side of the computer.  And a third of the price.

	
  I got this hub to connect an external hard drive to my laptop to work on film editing. It's been great so far! Very easy to use, stylish, and a good price point.

	
  Works great! Compact, easy to store, works fast w my SD card, simple plug and play. Highly recommend.

	
  This USB hub works so well at a fraction of the price that Apple charges. I am able to use my wireless mouse,  keyboard,  and portable HD. I def. recommend purchasing one.

	
  I have really enjoyed this product so far! I've been working remotely for some time now and tools like these make it far less painful. Thanks for making a quality product!

	
  The USD C Hub was very useful and it still works since I have ordered it and have not had a single problem with it since. I definitely would recommend it for your Macbook.

	
  Bought this to use on our hp chromebook.  It works perfectly and is super easy to travel with.

	
  This product works as described and has a high quality brushed aluminum finish.  I use it mostly for connecting to TV for streaming via HDMI port.  I would purchase again.

	
  I've been using this adapter for several months now. It is well built, matches the color of my Mac, and has been working as a charm. It is thin and very portable. No complaints.

	
  This USB C hub is priced reasonably and works well.  I like this hub because it is not bulky, making it easy to store.  It has enough extra ports for all that you'll need.

	
  The item I received is fully functional. I've had it for three months now and I haven't had any issues with it. Better than paying $19 for a USB-C to ONE USB adapter from Apple.

	
  Just plug it in and it works with the Macbook Pro 16 inch. Easy, fast and versatile. Allowed me to connect to multiple devices. I would definitely buy this again.

	
  Material is very strong and very Good quality. I primarily use it for HDMI and USB connections. Seems it came as a rescue on my Apple Laptop(MacBook). Been using the same since day 1 and no issues no far. Great product and keep up the good work.

	
  Haven’t used it fully loaded, but often for an hdmi wireless transmitter that also needs 2x usb for power. Works great.

	
  good product. light, great design and not cheap looking finish. I just wish USB 3.0 Adapter would be included in a box.

	
  I purchased the FlePow hub so I could transfer all data from my old PC to my new MacBook.  It performed well.  I will use it to download data with this product again as needed.

	
  I like that i can use it to connect my Mac, HP, Dell to any peripheral device I have.Used to spend hours looking for converters,  correct wire.Now all in one place.

	
  This is the only product I have found that works perfectly with my MacBook Pro (2018)The extra ports all work great and able to connect and charge my iPhone and iPad Pro.

	
  I have been using this from couple of weeks and works really good. I would say worth for price I paid.

	
  This is a great product for work. Most ports you would ever need to link to your USB-C on Mac laptop. Works great so far!

	
  performs great, color matches the color of my macbook, not too big

	
  Fast speed, works as expected. Now able to read my SD cards again.

	
  Very high quality materials and construction.  Great to have three USB 3.0, SD card, and 4K HDMI output slots.  Will surely take it with me on my next trip.

	
  It’s a shame that a dock is practically required for recent MacBooks, but with that thought aside, this dock is perfectly fine and meets my needs very well.

	
  Like it very much!! Great Product!!

	
  All the ports work ain’t have no problem with this item

	
  not the most convenient size for traveling but it has enough ports that it makes up for it. haven't tried it out and don't know how long it will last, but it feels like it's good quality

	
  Video and audio are both clear. I work out to a yoga subscription on the WWW.

	
  Works great with my MAC Pro laptop, nice and portable

	
  Better than expected! I use it for work. Lightweight and small, so it packs super easy.

	
  Excellent product. Works great with my surface pro. I modtly use it to worl with photoshop, download photos from sd and micro sd cards, and transfer pictures from two external drives.

	
  I got a new macbook and forgot that nothing I have works with USB-C.  I found this product online and couldn't believe how much as packed in at the price point.  Definitely recommend.

	
  Light. Easy to plug in. Only thing ive found is that streaming sites likes Netflix and Hulu doesn't not play on the second screen when hooked up by HDMI. Everything else, works great.

	
  The Fit and finish is great, the face that I can have 3 USB ports, a SD card, a mini SD, and HDMI out taking only one of my USB-C ports up is great. Works great so far!

	
  It came with a nice package. Its design is very good. light, small and has all necessary ports. The quality of the HDMI connection is perfect. I recommend this adapter.

	
  Works as expected. Easy to set up - just plug it in. Handles USB and memory cards just fine. Transfer rate is good. Small enough to fit in my laptop bag when traveling.

	
  I like it.- Build Quality- HDMI Port- Size / Portability

	
  This is perfect if you have a MacBook Pro and need USB access - multiple devices available with this handy item!

	
  I needed this device only to connect my mac to bigger screen. But this also have the functionality to screen splitting which made me really happy. Also all the ports are working as expected.

	
  I appreciate the compact design of this product. It is easily portable and works well with my MacBook Pro.

	
  Great product, I am always weary of purchasing non MAC products, but thus far, this one has not failed me!

	
  This is a really good USB C hub for my ipad. I am using it for the HDMI port as I can now easily do my presentations on the large screen just using the HDMI cable. Small, sturdy body so you can abuse it and it will still not break. Recommended!

	
  I haven't had any problems with USB Hub. It works great. Was exactly what the description described. It's well made and doesn't feel cheaply made.

	
  Perfect with all features loaded. Like the product fining quality also

	
  Good quality and fits well on side  laptop case.  No issues with connections - laptop identified connected SD Card, BT, USB  devices

	
  Very convenient to use for my MacBook Pro. Mainly used for transferring my USB files , photos, documents, among others at this time.

	
  I brought this for my MacBook and it’s a good/fast product overall. Only downside is that when I used it to charge my phone it was super slow, so I only use it with flash drives and sd cards.

	
  I am very pleased with my purchase. This adapter gives me the ability to do way more things on my Mac. I will definitely recommend to other Mac friends of mine!

	
  Got this for my daughter and she loves it. She uses it for her apple computer that doesnt have the right plug ins. But this works wonders she says. Thank you.

	
  The USB C Hub Multiport Adapter is small, mobile and doesn't take space on my desk (important).  I would recommend this multiport adapter if you're on the move.Cheers!

	
  This USB C hub is perfect for my home studio! I’ve had it for over a week of daily use now and I have no complaints.  It’s a great product and I would definitely recommend purchasing one.

	
  The hub is not too big and contains all the ports you would need, especially if you have a MacBook as I do. The dongle features easy plug-and-play functionality and it looks nice to boot!

	
  After receiving the product I was able to connect it to my macbook pro and everything works fine. This made all my cables work again. Thank you!

	
  I love having all of the ports in ONE!!!  Makes it so easy when I travel or just for everyday use!  And it matches my computer color perfectly, which is a bonus!  Would certainly recommend this product!

	
  Delivery was fast, and the item is as described.  It Works perfectly for my dell xps13 laptop.  I have been using it for several months now and have zero problem.  I am extremely happy with my purchase.

	
  So far the item works great and it’s exactly like the expensive brands

	
  This products works exactly as described. Great materials, quality. A+

	
  Excellent product, very portable, small, and easy to carry, perfect for my MacBook Pro. No configuration needed, just plug in and it is working very well. Strongly recommend for MacBook owners.

	
  This was perfect for my MacBook Pro that does not have the proper ports. The multi port was perfect for all my needs: school, business, photography etc.  definitely recommend to any one with a MacBook!

	
  I purchased this new after I just got my new MacBook Pro and it should have been standard in the box as it does most anything you could want.  The quality is what I would consider Apple quality

	
  Takes up a small amount of space on my desk and allows me to have the USB 3.0 ports forward for ease of plugging accessories in when my MacBook is plugged into a monitor. HDMI port was easy to access as well.

	
  It is easily stored and can be transported conveniently.

	
  I bought the HUB so I could connect my laptop to a larger computer screen and a Smart TV. It works perfect. Great purchase.

	
  Works great! Prompt delivery - I needed it for a presentation I was giving abd it arrived plenty of time and performed as promised . Great versatility for other uses too ,with my 2019 MacBook Pro.

	
  This adapter was easy to setup and begin using. It seems durable enough and has been working fine so far (a few months after buying it). The color is pretty nice in person and the build quality seems solid enough.

	
  I've been using this USB Hub for a few months with my Macbook Pro, and it's held up great. Works perfectly with my monitor and all other peripherals.

	
  Very good build quality. Feels like an Apple product. Amazing for the price!

	
  This USB-C hub works perfectly and does exactly what I need it to do! I constantly needed to switch my mouse and keyboard and it was an uncomfortable task! Now its so simple and easy.

	
  The build quality of this product is excellent. It did everything that I hoped for and more. I highly recommend this product because it is well-made, works as expected, and is highly portable.

	
  Works as expected, gets a bit warm after a while but no issues especially with HDMI image quality passthrough.

	
  It’s exactly what I needed!

	
  Great for video editing. Handles the usb of an external hard drive. Premiere runs smoothly and without issues. Its a great little portable adapter and the color goes perfectly with my Macbook Pro !

	
  It does its job. works well on my macbook and dell laptop. In the next version, I think an extra usb-c port should be integrated into this hub since there is a lot of room in the back side.

	
  Attractive and feels well made with all the ports I need.  Works well.

	
  I bought this hub because I purchase a new Macbook Air and I needed to connect my backup hard drive and external monitor, this hub has exactly what I needed , USB and HDMI ports

	
  I would recommend this product for anyone who needs to add USB, HDMI, and SD Card Adapters for their computer. This adapter is small and light weight travels well.

	
  I have this on my Mac Mini and it's allowing easy front access for the different accessories I use. It was a plug and play and has worked great for the last few months!

	
  Arrived on time and as advertised. Have had it for over a month and I’m very happy at how light it is and works very well.

	
  Seems solid and all ports respond appropriately.  The device was recognized without any issue.  I have not used every port at the same time, but using a couple is not a problem.

	
  Great product. Recommending for users who need dock with USB-C connections.

	
  This USB-C hub for my 2019 MacBook Air works great. It is an essential item, since the MacBooks only have two USB-C ports. I have used this device to connect all of my peripherals when I need them.

	
  I have this adapter for a couple of months and I use it everyday, it works perfect. I am very satisfied and I totally recommend it.

	
  Handy little hook up to carry with me when I am traveling out of the office and my laptop is not connect to my docking station. Definitely would recommend it.

	
  This product has compact design with 6 ports integrated into one hub. It is easy to use and matches well with my computer. I give 5 star for its high value compared to its reasonable cost.

	
  It is much smaller than what I thought, it is super convenient for traveling. It also includes card reader which is very useful for me, enough ports with such a small body! Great purchase!

	
  This is the perfect size and with right number of ports on it.  It works fast and is hassle free.

	
  Estuvo justo del tamaño que necesitaba

	
  Good size, easy to slip in and out of my backpack when needed. The cord isn't obnoxiously long. The material feels sturdy. I've owned it for about 3 months now and have had no issues with its connection or performance.

	
  Works perfectly to connect my external hard drive, mouse and other accessories to my MacBook. Great product for a decent price.

	
  Helps me connect my MacBookPro to an external hard drive for back ups. Works great and does its job for sure!

	
  I really like the different connections, especially being able to access my SD cards

	
  Has everything I need and more for a great price! It

	
  Good quality ports. Video quality is very good when connected through HDMI port.

	
  As a mobile professional, I need to be able to take my gear with me and this is ultra-portable so it does the job well without taking up much space.

	
  Love the product! Super easy to use and my old portable drive hooked up easily to it. And its a lot less expensive than the converters I was looking at before. Overall, I'm very happy with my purchase!

	
  I've had this adapter for a few weeks and used most of the ports and it seems to be working well. Convenient to have an adapter for all the ports. I'd recommend it to others

	
  I've been using this adapter for the past month and it has been serving me perfectly. No technical issues, portable, sturdy, and supports all my everyday devices.Great and reliable adapter for my Macbook!

	
  This was simple to plug and play, worked great!

	
  This is my first USB hub as i recently just needed it for my new MacBook. This is a really great product. Its small and compact you can take anywhere. So far its worked perfectly and I have to say I'm very satisfied.

	
  So far this product has worked as advertised. It has been good to connect HDMI and USB devices at the same time. The card reader has also worked successfully. So far I’m very pleased with this purchase.

	
  This product arrived on time and has worked precisely as described since I got it. I can use multiple USB 3.0 devices simultaneously with my Macbook Air, which only has 2 USB C ports. And the HDMI is very convenient.

	
  I bought this for my MacBook Pro (15" 2019), I need a card reader for my photography class.  This is easy to transport and downloads quickly.  For the price, it is amazing.  I would recommend to anyone.

	
  I made a nice decision when I purchased it!!It made my life easier, and the quality is just AWESOME!

	
  This adapter solved the problem of going to a new MacBook with no connection ports for devices one uses with a computer. It is very small and light so doesn't detract from the portability of the laptop.

	
  It's working to me. It's not heavy and it has a good size to carry in bag. I wish they had a silver color.

	
  I purchased this item for my Surface tablet. Versatility of the ports, reliability, and compact design really meet my requirements. I travel a lot and I am using my tablet and a hub for presentations on a daily basis.

	
  I’ve had this product for a few months. It works as intended and was much more cost effective than buying from Apple directly. I will update the review if anything should change in its performance.

	
  Compact and convenient. My new MacBook only had USB-C ports and this dock allowed me to connect my old wireless mouse and plug in my external hard drive and SD card from my camera to easily transfer pictures. Highly recommended!

	
  I have purchased two of these because they are perfect for keeping in your tech /EDC pack. They are compatible with the new iPad Pro's and it is a necessity!

	
  I like design and built quality.Also I like the fact that it has cable, it makes HDMI connection and using multiple ports better.

	
  I really haven't used this USB C Hub Multiport Adapter to it full capacity or potential- only the USB ports, but so far so good! No complaints as it works as it should.

	
  Very happy with this product. Perfect size. Fits in with my laptop case. Nice and sleek, not bulky at all. Loved all the different ports, which is necessary with the new macs. Didn't have any incompatibility issues. Works great.

	
  I used it on my Mac Apple OS and Windows OS, and it worked with no issue, no driver to update, no software to configure, it is just plug and play.I strongly recommend it!

	
  I ordered this with my macbook pro because I wanted to connect some of my usb devices (mouse) to my macbook. It worked really well and I still use it a lot! Worth the price and I think for the price it is really good. Recommend.

	
  The product is very easy to use. It is worth buying it for such a great cost. We are using it for the first time but we are really happy with the product.

	
  Bought it for the HDMI output.Works flawlessly.Has been working for months and would buy again if needed.

	
  This is a wonderful hub. It works great and is small and compact. Works flawlessly right out of the box.  I love it!

	
  This product has worked extremely well thus far. I’ve had a different brand port, and that one did not hold up well at all. I would definitely recommend you try this out for yourself.

	
  Super easy to use and works great.  Just plug it in and go, I’m so glad I got this.

	
  This is a must have for Mac users! I love the many ports and ease of use. If you have a mac don’t hesitate to buy. Best purchase!

	
  I’m glad I bought this product. I’ve bought others similar too this but would heat up really fast after I had many things connected. I am a very busy man and I’m happy that this product works well for my liking.

	
  It works well with my mac and PC. I can carry it around. It works for my new macbook pro and old macbook pro and PC. So I can just use it for my different computer without having to get different adapter.

	
  I like this USB adapter.  Connection and shape are good

	
  This product was just what I needed for my new laptop which only had two USB ports. Not only does it have the extra ports I need, but it is also lightweight and easy to transport. I highly recommend this product.

	
  Picked up this adapter for my work computer (Mac Book Pro) and love it.  The unit is sturdy, well built and light.  The transfer rates fro SD cards and USB is very fast.  Great purchase, worth it!

	
  I bought this product because I got a new 2019 MacBook Pro. It has a very competitive price, is lightweight, portable, and extremely easy to use. I am very happy with my purchase. I also received it very quickly.

	
  Seems to be well well made and rugged.  I have had no issues and it works on both Windows an MAC hardware.

	
  Great quality compact adapter for everything needed. Really glad I chose this one out of all the options

	
  This is a very reliable adapter that has a sleek look while maintaining a lightweight feel. Feels just like your Mac. Offers lots of options to use. I like that I can still charge my Mac while this is plugged in.

	
  The product works great, I just needed to add another screen to my laptop but found myself using for adding USB devices as well.

	
  The product works with new MacBook Pro I have purchased in July. It looks great. Color and finish matches with Macbook. Overall, great product.

	
  Outstanding Product to go with Mackbook Pro ! ! Worked like breeze !! Ideally should have an additional Ethernet port . Does not heat up when working and colour exactly matches the finish of Grey Mackbook Pro.

	
  Works great. Mainly purchased for the USB ports, but the micro SD and HDMI are a nice bonus. Perfect for my surface pro x!

	
  I bought the 7 in 1 hub because of the price and was very satisfied with the quality of the product.It works as advertised and has exceeded my  expectations.I would recommend  this product to all people reading this review .

	
  Made of metal, it looks very sturdy and it will be very practical with the new MacBook Pro my husband wants to buy. It’s a good product, small, light and versatile. Great buy! Ideal for traveling.

	
  With only two USB C inputs, you'll need to expand your input selectivity. I purchased this hub because it has 3 USB 3.0, 1 HDMI,1 SD, and 1 TF inputs available through one USB C input. Plus the hub is tiny and easy to carry.

	
  Right size and durable

	
  Works well to connect traditional devices to the USB-C port on my wife's MacBook Air. The unit is small (she stores it in a case for reading glasses when not in use).

	
  The FlePow is sleek and much smaller than I thought it would be. I've attached a picture with a pen for scale. It easily slid into a small compartment in my commuter bag. Does the trick!

	
  This is a great hub. It is great for me because it’s small and compact, and also my laptop has very limited ports but this hub will allow me to connect with USB, memorycard, hdmi slot flawlessly

	
  Smaller than I expected. Very compact and well made. Aluminum material feels nice. Works as advertised.

	
  I have really enjoyed using this adapter.  It's been very useful for my photography, and I have been very impressed with the quality of the product.  Would definitely buy again if needed.  10/10

	
  Does what it says

	
  Got this for my wife's new MBP, and it's been great. Good build quality and transfer speeds seem too. No complaints!

	
  My computer only has USBC ports, and having this little hub is really helpful for when I need to hook up my computer to a screen for presentation, or using a wireless mouse. I have been using it for a couple of months now and so far so good!

	
  Worked great for my MacBook pro

	
  This product is very useful because it is very small and portable. It also has many holes where you could put an HDMI  for your tv and many others. It is easy to travel with. It is a five-star product. I totally recommend it.

	
  Very satisfied with the product. It is quality material and works good. Excellent option for a good price.

	
  I really like this product. It was well worth my money. I just purchased my first Mac computer so I had to adjust to not having a USB slot, HDMI port, and SD card port. Once I got this USB Multiport adapter it was great. It is compatible with my computer.

	
  It is so convenient having this multi-port adapter. I have been switching back and forth from USB to HDMI adapters since the surface go only has one outlet. This USB-C Hub is a life saver!!! Also great quality for the price!!

	
  Good product. Works well with my extended monitors.

	
  We use this USB on our tablet. It has been very convenient since it is small for travel and now we are able to use the printer from the tablet.

	
  Works great. I can now have multiple devices connected at the same time to my Surface Laptop. Will recommend to others.

	
  Works well for me so far. I was recommended to buy a USB hub after I got my MacBook Pro 2017. Have no idea that it only has two USB-C plug in. Has to get a connector to connect my big monitor (important since I do a lot of work at home) and wireless mouse. It’s a plus that my Alexa can also be charged with it.

	
  this is an awesome product I recommend it to anyone. good for the money and great quality

	
  It takes up very little space.

	
  Good value for the price. I use it all the time to connect my laptop to 34'' monitor, external drives and to move pictures from SD card to external drive. Everything works swiftly.

	
  It’s quality is super and fully functional

	
  Works perfectly. Simple, small, but keeps everything organized and plugged in securely.I tested writing and deleting a 2gb file to a usb 3.0 thumb drive and it was as fast as the $80 hyperdrive that I also have.

	
  I both this for my office to declutter my desk and to be able to attach all my devices as well as HDMI monitor all at the same time. It happened to be well made and solid for very reasonable price. I will be buying 2 more for my colleagues.

	
  Its small, slim and works great!

	
  I love being able to connect various plugs and keys to this. I feel like it gives me the freedom to do all the things I need to do. I cannot tell you how many times a day I use this; all the plugs work, and the various types work perfectly!

	
  This is perfect for me.  I have multiple incompatible devices and just got a MacBook with only the new USB C ports.  With this in can connect my camera and Galaxy phone and transfer off of usb B thumb drives.

	
  I bought this because my laptop only has one USB port and with this hub I can plug in 3 more USBs, two SD cards, and an HDMI cable all into one USB-C port. I don't use my laptop without this hub.

	
  It’s a amazing you can you use it for an HDI output, 3 USB ports, SD card and a Micro SD Card slot. It’s very convenient doesn’t take up much space. I use it for everything specially when transferring photos.

	
  Surprisingly high quality

	
  Does a good job of decluttering my work bench. I just connect my peripherals to it and switch between laptops (alienware and Mac) seemlessly.

	
  This hub definitely met my expectations. It's lightweight, and easy to travel with. So far I've only used the USB port to connect my phone, but the connection speed was fast and I didn't notice any differences. The price of this hub is also great. Overall, I'm pretty satisfied with my purchase so far.

	
  I haven’t had this product for very long but I like it so far. It's nice to have one larger attachment vs multiple small ones. The only thing I wish It had is a monitor port but other than that, it has everything you need!

	
  Haven't really used it yet, but I think it will be pretty good.

	
  well built, great price, and needed for the new MacBook pros.

	
  Works as advertised 😊

	
  This adapter does exactly what I need. As an apple user I always wish for a lightning bolt port or a micro usb but I knew what I was buying and it helps me use all my other tech with my MacBook Air.

	
  The product fulfills my needs for extra ports on my MacBook Air. There have been no problems so far, and the hub is in amazing condition with a couple of scratches due to obvious wear and tear.

	
  Quite simply, this does exactly what I wanted it to do. I use it to attach my MacBook Pro via HDMI, and as an adapter for my old USB drives/cords. Couldn't be happier with the product.

	
  It looks good. The quality of the material is nice.

	
  Great seller and the product meets expectations.

	
  works as it should. Just buy it already. No issues.

	
  Small and sturdy, works great with my Chromebook. Allows me to expand my Chromebook capabilities quickly and easily. I am THRILLED with this purchase!

	
  Works exactly as described, needed to add USB ports to my MacBook Pro and this is perfect for the price, size and portability.  No issues at all.

	
  This thing is great. Works perfectly.

	
  Great product! Works just as advertised. I like how there are many ports, great versatility. The material is good quality and the cable feels strong and thick. I am using it with my MacBook Pro 2019.I am very satisfied with this product and would recommend anyone to buy it!

	
  The product arrived in the 2 days that prime had listed and it was packaged nicely and arrived in perfect condition. Item works for what I needed it with my laptop. I would recommend this item as it has lots of options for adapting items to your laptop or PC.

	
  This adapter functions just as I thought it would, which is a good thing.  Lots of USB connections, allows me to use a second monitor with my Macbook, and download pictures from an old camera occasionally, too.  It's small enough to tuck anywhere, too!

	
  I need a connector like this one. Because my laptop doesn't have many USB codes, I had been looking for all through the internet. Find it out on Amazon. This is convenient and affordable.

	
  Very good product, a lot better than I imagined for the price. Well built with the aluminum case. Only down side is it’s not built for charging, other than that I love it.Correction: ABS PLASTIC CASE, felt like aluminum at first touch.

	
  I was having trouble with my USB hub messing up the wi-fi signal for my Mac Mini. This USB hub doesn't seem to cause any trouble if it is placed to the side of the computer. I even bought another one (which hopefully won't interfere either). Thank you!

	
  I use in my traveling office great for multiple devices

	
  Bought this when I received a new Surface Pro for work.  The little thing works as expected.  I have had no issues with it.  I recommended it to all my team members as we all work remote.

	
  The adapter is compact and perfect to use at the office, home and travel with my MacBook Pro. It was the best cost-benefit for an adapter that I found on Amazon and it did not disappoint! I am very happy with it!

	
  I like this usb. I have been using it for couple months and its working great for me

	
  Does everything as advertised. Perfect for travel!

	
  I loved this! It works really well. I bought it several months ago and it seems to be holding up fine. It's a really good deal for the price because the product contains all of the ports you'll need. It's a lot cheaper than buying Apple's adapter.

	
  It does what you need for a MAC computer, since Apple computers are so limited on these options this Hub helps you achieve the work with multiple screens and USB devices.

	
  VERY GOOD FOR PRICE!!! easy to use good quality ;)

	
  Just got the item and tried it, so far I can’t complain about anything. Looks solid, hope it’s going to last long.

	
  I have no complaints about this product. It is sleek, attaches to the computer and stays plugged in, transfers information fast, and does everything I need it to do. It also matches my space-grey MacBook perfectly, which is another plus. Recommended product!

	
  Works great, as advertised!  Supports HDMI, multiple USB ports, and SD card reader.

	
  I was impressed with this.The device is much smaller than I had anticipated,which is even better for me.Nice and compact.Works exactly as it should.You can't go wrong. It works perfectly.

	
  Given the price, I was shocked at how high-quality this hub is. The material feels substantial and not cheap, and it's small and portable enough to be perfect for travel. I may buy one more to keep in my travel back, and use the one I already purchased as my main hub at home.

	
  Perfect for my needs. You can even charge usb items through this adapter.

	
  The speed when connected is very good. It also matches the color of my macbook.provides ample of ports which are missing on a mac. USBC connector make sure the speed is faster.

	
  This product does exactly what it's supposed to. It gets a little warm with extended use, but it's not terrible. It's of overall-good build quality, and it's stylish enough to have out with my laptop, on the go. I really like it.

	
  Product serves it's purpose well, and functions with all ports in use at the same time. However, I'd recommend plugging your laptop into power before connecting the hub to ensure adequate power to all your peripherals.

	
  I got this because my new small laptop did not have enough USB ports for all I wanted to plug in. This works perfect to be sure I have enough ports for all items!!

	
  I bought one for myself and for my wife. This product is great!! I would highly recommend!!

	
  I needed more posts with Laptop this worked with a cover on laptop, where another design did not.

	
  I originally bought it just for USB port, but later on I found out it also a HDMI port where I can connect my Mac with another monitor! The quality is nice and is very portable.

	
  Great quality product and easy to use! Delivers high quality output and input.

	
  I travel quite a bit and the USB C Hub is easy to use and fits well into any laptop bag.I use it for my iMac laptop and can connect any dongle, UB or cards needed with one adapter.Love it.

	
  Product is as described. It has all ports I need and it’s convenient.

	
  I bought this after having a different hub keep failing on me. Ive been really happy with this and will buy more for my other computers. Recommend this product to anyone who has usb-c ports.

	
  Needed this USB-C hub for a new lightweight small laptop we bought recently. It didn't have many ports, except maybe one or two USB-C.  This did the job perfectly, looked great, and was so lightweight and portable. I would recommend this product and I had no issues in using it.

	
  The USB C hub is a very solid product. It has many port options while being light and portable.

	
  I like that this is compatible with the MACBOOK. You can use an SD card and a micro SD. The multiple ports are useful especially because we use an external keyboard. This is a great tool for students.

	
  I use this daily and it makes everything very convenient to have in one place. it has 3 usb ports 1 hdmi and 1 sd card slot. definitely a great product would highly recommend getting! i love the color as well, the gray color is sleek and classic and matches with a lot of things

	
  I needed an inexpensive USB C hub for my new MacBook Pro laptop in order to connect it to a HDMI monitor, as well as have standard USB 3.0 ports. I also like its slick aluminum design, as well as extra SD card slots. That small device does it all really well!

	
  This product was exactly what I needed for my  HP Spectre.  I can plug in multiple items at once and they all worked great!

	
  Crazy fast delivery! Got it the next day, looks great, low profile, exactly what I was looking for!

	
  Size and weight is perfect for traveling, I am using it for my Macbook and keeping it in backpack all the time. HDMI is supporting 4K display quality. Few USB ports are very useful when charing devices like wireless headphone and phones. Great product i will recommend for sure.

	
  Great value for this!

	
  I bought this product to use for grad school and so far I love it. I’m able to carry it with easily in my back pack and I even charge my head phones through it all the time. It’s nice to have multiple ports available to me and so far it’s held up great! Definitely recommend buying.

	
  It works well.

	
  Works amazing, the build quality is great, every port works and fits just fine. Only caveat is when using a windows VM, I had issues when I wanted to write block, this may have been a VM or write blocker application issue, so no real issue, just pointing out. Great product, highly recommend.

	
  Good USB-C hub, works well and as advertised. Had it for a couple months and used often for my Dell XPS-13, which only has USB-C input. So far, used it mostly for flash drives and a couple times for HDMI and works well so far. Only complaint is that the cord is not flexible.

	
  Love this. Well-built and very useful. I keep it in my work bag for when I'm visiting customers. You never know when you'll need it but it has always been useful in a pinch. For the price, this is the best hub I've seen.

	
  Love it. It's portable and extends a lot of functionality. One improvement is to get rid of the card reader slots, but adding more usb ports.

	
  Very good hub! Exactly what I needed. I'm going to order another one to use when I travel!

	
  I have been using this adapter for a little over two months to hook my macbook up to a MSI ultrawide monitor along with a corsair mouse and keyboard and have had no issues whatsoever. It was just plug and play right out of the box and I couldn't be happier with my purchase, would buy again.

	
  Works well with multiple devices. USB ports are somewhat difficult to plug in, but its minor. When using with a laptop, its a bit cumbersome to have hanging off the side of the computer, but new laptops don't have enough ports anymore!

	
  The triple the USB ports all worked really well and very useful when I need to plug in phone, external hard drives at the same time. Love the SD card and a micro SD, so I no longer need to put the micro SD into a SD socket.Light weight, great for traveling.

	
  Works well

	
  Very fairly priced product. I use it to connect my MacBook Pro to external backup drive and various other devices such as printer, external monitor, mouse and keyboard. It has worked flawlessly for the months I have had it so far.

	
  Its a good size.  Unfortunately, there was some problem with my product. However, the Amazon seller was very humble and effective with the response and refunded me for the product. Appreciate the great after sales service.

	
  Product is working great and does what is needed.

	
  I needed the a good usb-c hub for my new Dell PC with a USB-C port. This product works great for me. No issues so far after a few months of usage. I hope it serves me well for a long time.

	
  The hub is really awesome! The only problem is that I ended up giving it away and had to buy another one! Sturdy quality.

	
  As described, matches color with my macbook pro, lightweight slim fits anywhere and works perfectly fine.

	
  After using the USB Hub for about a month, I have to say that I have no complaints. The previous one I purchased often overheated and caused the connection to be spotty from my MacBook to my monitor. The hub has enough ports to all my needs including a wireless mouse, wireless keyboard, and a HDMI port.

	
  This is compatible with my Macbook Pro. You can use an SD card and a micro SD and also two USB’s which can be used for keyboard or additional devices . HDMI port has been really helpful as i use a external monitor. Great build quality and it matches my space grey macbook pro.

	
  It is really mandatory for the new generation of Macbook because there is no old type of usb port. So this is 3.0 usb type-c port, it helps me!! For example, I was going to install Windows-emulator on my Macbook but it did not come with 2.0 usb port, so this adapter will help me be able to connect the SSD external with my Macbook.

	
  Excellent / reliable product.  Highly recommend.

	
  Good to have product.

	
  it is an excellent product that works very well for me on my mac book pro and on my ipad pro, eg it allows you to connect everything you need to use at the moment and without problems.  I recommend it.

	
  Product came as described. I have only been using it for a couple weeks and so far it has been great and convenient. Would totally recommend to friends. I also like how light the item is and portable.

	
  Nice quality, versatile adapter with multiple ports.

	
  Very pleased with the product. The screen on my phone stopped working but I wanted to be able to retrieve the photos from my phone. Purchased this product and was able to use a wireless mouse with it  to still control the screen.

	
  If you need to extend the capabilities of your MAC BOOK pro and add more available ports...this works excellent.

	
  I was able to use a keyboard and mouse through this one hub, but the HDMI input passed from laptop to monitor for one of my laptops, but not the other. I'm not tech savvy to know enough why it worked for one and not the other, but you may want to look into it. Or just order it and return it if it doesn't...

	
  I have to use this all of the time with the 2017 MacBook Pro. Have had no issues with it and is much better than getting the individual USB converters!

	
  As described

	
  I used this in conjunction with my LG Ultrafine USB-C display and MacBook Pro. Works perfectly at a great price.

	
  Such a good deal for the selection of ports and sleek design.

	
  Works great. Exactly what I needed. I got it for the HDMI adaptor.

	
  This hub is very useful - I can attach three separate usb devices at once.  Although I normally don't use a SD slot, it's there should I choose. With its slender design it's very convenient for traveling (or keeping a neater desk top). It is very well made-good quality.

	
  I needed a dongle for my new Macbook that connect with my older devices and was surprised by the quality of this one.  The ones I saw in stores were around $60 so I gave this one a try.  Great build quality, all metal and the color even matches my Macbook.  Highly recommend.

	
  Good hub for the money

	
  exactly what I was looking for

	
  That all was I need

	
  Because I work in the mass communications field, I bought this product to be able to use the multiple types of ports at once.  It has worked wonderfully and I have had no issues with it.  I would deffinitely buy again and likely will as I gain more equipment.

	
  Compact and has all the right ports.

	
  I was skeptical about purchasing this USB-C however, it was the best decision ever! Thanks to this USB-C hub, I am able to connect my monitor to my MacBook air as well as plug-in my mouse!  I cannot recommend this product enough! I will definitely be purchasing another one as a gift for my brother!

	
  Good looking, nice build quality and small size.

	
  Perfect for MacBook pro multitasking

	
  I like the convenience of This product and the versatility.  A little concerned that my computer heart up a bit  when it’s connected to my monitor via this device, but otherwize it works well. Probably my monitor.  I would recommend it..

	
  I like the size and material. Seems like it will be durable enough to be used for quite a while. I haven’t had any connectivity issues so far in the 6 months I’ve continuously used it either. Only thing I wish was that the cable be longer so I could hide the HUB behind my laptop while in use.

	
  I looked at several options before deciding on this and it was just what I needed. Compact enough travel with and makes it so easy to connect multiple items at once. A must have for any Mac user.

	
  I use this hub on a daily basis for business and personal needs. I usually use multiple ports at once, although it is rare that two usb devices fit side by side in the hub as it’s designed. As that is a rare need, this is not a problem for me. This hub serves my needs and has for the last several months.

	
  Purchased this for my son who owns an apple MacBook and requires additional ports.Working great and very useful

	
  USB HUB is very well put together works very well with my iPad and MAC. Completely satisfied

	
  I've been meaning to pick one of these up for a while now, and finally got around to getting one since I really needed it. It came super quick in the mail and I plugged it in right away. This dongle is great and I've had no problems with it functioning the way that it should. It's not too large in any way and the ports are all nice. Super glad I got this!

	
  The first time I used it I had to connect a Dell monitor to my Macbook. Apple is always coming up with new ports so this connector made it really easy to connect to any device. I have a lot of different cords and devices so this is very helpful and making sure I can do without a bunch of different items.

	
  I've used this for about a week. Works perfectly with my Samsung Notebook 9 Pro. Exactly what I needed.

	
  fast delivery, works very well. thanks.

	
  Works really well, and is sleek and easy to carry around. Had it for a few months and it works great!

	
  I purchased this adapter to be able to read my SD card easily.  The product performs as expected and I am happy with my purchase.  It's also nice to have the USB ports, though I don't use them a lot, aside for the wireless mouse.  I'd definitely recommend to others.

	
  I have a mac book with only a usb'c port so this makes it great when I am at home and want to add another monitor.

	
  Great tiny hub that is very diverse and powerful

	
  I travel quite a bit internationally and frequently use technical equipment that doesn’t  have the same ports as my Apple products. This product allows me to connect with other equipment without any problem.  It’s safe easy and compact for travel.

	
  Great product. I got is as a gift for my surface pro and it works great.

	
  We bought this after a way more expensive version we had bought at Best Buy, broke. This works great... easy to use... no issues! Definitely recommend.

	
  I have a Surface Pro 7 and this works great to connect it to my monitor. I really like how many USB ports are on it so I can also plug in my wireless keyboard and mouse USB into it. It is sleek looking, portable, and stays plugged in, can't really ask for anything more!

	
  I like the fact that it is compact enough and it works great... I have a USB mouse, USB headphone, HDMI monitor and printer connected to it and all of them work perfectly.

	
  So far works great! Perfect for my 2020 MacBook Air with only USB C ports.

	
  The biggest thing I miss in my new Mac are the ports. You have two options, either buy a bunch of adapters for each type of port, or buy an universal adapter that has it all.I love the quality of this adapter and that it matches the color of the Mac.

	
  100% satisfied.Exactly what I was looking for and exactly as described.The item works perfectly...and it looks good too.  Would purchase again from this vendor.

	
  All parts work and it does work on my 2018 iPad pro.  :)

	
  I got this product to expand connectivity on my Lenovo Flex Laptop. It worked immediately and with no issues. It is a stylish design that compliments the design of my Laptop because of its metal construction, colour, and slim lines. I am very happy with it.

	
  This c-USB hub is compact enough, lightweight, and easy to take everywhere. It has all the ports needed and has been working well overall thus far.

	
  This is a great adapter for a MacBook Air.  I bought this for my daughter's new MacBook Air and it works great.  It gives her the versatility to use other devices or plugs.

	
  This product works perfectly, exactly as described! Has a very sleek design and looks great at my desk at work. Only thing I could ask for is a charging port on the hub (don't know if this would be possible) so as to not lose any functionality from plugging into the laptop, but can't complain as it's a great product!

	
  sav ed me from buying a new expensive printer, works great with laptop

	
  I love this! It makes my life so much easier and fits right in my laptop case.

	
  I originally bought this for travel purposes, but it came in very handy when my wife starting working from home due to Covid-19.  We were able to set up multiple monitors and peripherals to help her work.  It has a small footprint and the ports were just what was needed.  Planning on buying another and would recommend this to anyone.

	
  Despite one of the usb ports seemingly not working the device itself serves its purpose. Wasn't aware that it doesn't charge before buying but otherwise I'm happy with it. Transfer speeds are legit and I love the portable size and slim design.

	
  This is so much better than the one we used to have. I highly recommend this product!

	
  This was a lot smaller than I thought, however it is working perfect! Every slot has worked, and the HDMI port has been perfect for hooking up to my TV. Great product!

	
  This is an excellent addition for my computer.

	
  This thing have good quality u can feel the material... works as it says... this is quality, I returned bcuz doesn’t have to charge my laptop, but still if u have a MacBook Pro and looking for a complete hub this is all you need.

	
  This was a perfect accessory for my surface pro X

	
  It works for HDMI, two portable external hard drives (1TB&2TB) at the same time. The hard drive worked slower than usual, but HDMI worked perfectly.The only problem: My Mac only got one Type-C, so while charging, I can’t use the hub.

	
  I was very satisfied with spending just a bit over $20 to buy a usb-c hub that does exactly what I needed it to do. Don't see a reason to spend any more. Overall, this item greatly expanded the capabilities of my Mac and my only regret is that I did not purchase this sooner.

	
  I needed an HDMI port to present using my Surface Book 2. This adapter worked perfectly! Nice metal design, secure connectors, and the extra USB ports was a nice bonus.

	
  The hub has performed perfectly thus far. It seems like it is high quality in terms of build, and I really like the way it matches with my space grey MacBook Air. I'm really happy with the purchase and would certainly recommend it to anyone on the market for a USB-C hub.

	
  It's a nice compact solid hub with just the right ports for me.

	
  Works just like promised. Carry it everywhere with my mbp 2016

	
  This product does exactly what it says it will do, and at a reasonable cost.  It's smaller than I thought it would be, which is great because I don't have a lot of space.  I really only needed it for the USB connection, but for the price, I figured why not have all of the other slots too!

	
  This was a gift. But the value is awesome. Very pleased.

	
  Considering that systems have limited ports, this USB HUB is the perfect solution to my multi-tasking needs. Priced right, lightweight, conveniently portable and durable.

	
  Overall this is a great product. I went to get a USBC hub from a retail store and they were selling them for $99+. This product is relatively inexpensive for the quality it has. It is sturdy and has every port you need. I use this on the 2020 MacBook Pro and haven't had a single problem. Highly recommend this if you are looking for a reliable USBC hub.

	
  Connected to my iBook and all slots function and the devices I want to use are immediately available. Very light and compact.

	
  I have been using it for 7 months. I am a DJ so I really needed a reliable device. This usb c hub is very good. There were no issues at all. I enjoy using it. Highly recommended.

	
  Love it! Worked instantly with my macbook pro 2019. No issues at all. I have tried 3 USB drives and it worked perfectly all the times.

	
  It's small size fits nicely with my laptop set up.  The ports are what I need to supplement the minimal ports available on the laptop. Speedy and transparent to the external devices plugged into it.  I would recommend this multi-port addition to all who would like extra ports available.

	
  Works great. No issues with products. As described!Highly recomemded!

	
  Am working from home & needed more room then my laptop has, this hits the spot as promised. Works perfect, have had for over 2 months with no issues.

	
  I really like my USB C Hub 7 in 1 Multiport Adapter. I like that all 3 of the USB ports are 3.0. The adapter is small, portable, and easy to transport. What I found strange is there are only 6 input ports, not 7. The product should be called 6 in 1 Multiport Adapter.

	
  Works great. No complaint. Does exactly what it’s supposed to.

	
  Great for the new MacBook which doesn’t have the old USB ports. Added pro has a card reader on it. Small and fits nicely in laptop case.  No need for multiple dongles and way cheaper than the ones from Apple.

	
  I bought this to support my USB hard drive and USB keyboard and mouse to work with my new MAC Pro computer.  When I plugged it in it worked automatically and recognized my accessories immediately.  I would rather have a modular connector so that I can disconnect it when packing it to travel.  I didn't think about that when I purchased it.  It sill fits nicely in a case that I will use.  I am delighted with my choice.

	
  Great product! Just bought a MacBook Air and I was shocked to see that there wasn’t a USB port and saw this cool gadget and had to buy ASAP with all the great reviews. And it can a day earlier then expected. So far so great! And I just tested it out and it’s works like it’s supposed to! So worth the money and it’s a great price so don’t hesitate to push that add to cart button!

	
  So far it does exactly what I want. It's small & hookup to my iPad pro with 0 issues!

	
  I purchased this hub about 4 months ago and it's been working great attached to my DELL XPS laptop and used almost every day.I have it connecting HDMI to a monitor,  a USB portable drive, a USB dongle for keyboard mouse, and a USB cable for my iPhone.I also occasionally use the SD slot to load photos from my camera.Working great so far.

	
  This product will do what you need it to do. It will turn your USB C port into all the ports that it offers. I used it to transfer data from two different sd cards without having to save the files on my computer first. This is an excellent product and I would recommend it to anyone that is interested in having more ports for their computer.

	
  Nice solid construction.  Purchased to hook up a larger monitor to a Dell XPS laptop using the HDMI output.  The computer recognized it without issue and I was up and working. Having the extra standard USB connections on the adapter is a nice bonus, as my Dell only has the new style USB C ports

	
  It is portable and has all the necessary outlets for any accessory. Works great, the price was reasonable and I constantly use it without any issues.

	
  Great product!!  Dry well built and haven’t had any problems. Love that it is all in one!

	
  Personally I don’t use it much . But so far so good! It transfer files pretty quick and other task are done pretty quick

	
  Love this USB Hub!  Works very well and provides all the extra needed ports.  I travel quite frequently and it's compact size makes it easy to throw into my laptop bag without taking much room.  I've had it for about six months and have not had any issues.  Great price and arrived the next day!

	
  I love this product a lot! First, it has a good price compare to others and still run perfectly well. Second, it has the right amount of plugs that I need: 3 USB 3.0, 1 HDMI, 1 TF, and 1 HD Card! I am a photographer so it really helps me in connecting with different hard drives and camera memories with just one hub. Thank you FlePlow!

	
  I purchased a hub 6 months ago and spent quite a bit of money on it, I recently decided I'd like a second one to just keep at my office and after using both, I now use this hub as my primary. It works well, is smaller, and doesn't heat up half as much as my other one - though it of course does get warm. I would recommend it to a friend.

	
  So when I initially saw the price for what the adapter offered, I thought there was no way that this would be a quality item. HOW WRONG I WAS! This adapter is amazing! It is super portable and there is no lag or disconnecting that happens when I connect to USB or HDMI. I really recommend this item to everybody that is considering it. You will not regret it!

	
  This thing has changed the functionality of my office. Due to limits that have been set by my employer I struggled with the amount of things I could connect. Problem solved with this device. I have not tried the digital storage function but I am very satisfied with the USB C HUB.

	
  Upgraded computer to a new MacBook Pro and this was the perfect accessory! If you have older external hard drives, mouse etc you need this! Want to mirror your tv? No problem. Great value as well.

	
  This was a great addition to my new MacBook Pro. Thought I would lose use of several external pieces of equipment, but all plug in and work as they should. Cords are solidly built, I don't foresee any fraying anytime soon (and I throw this in my backpack everyday). Pics transfer with relative ease. I would recommend and would buy again.

	
  I currently own the Dell XPS and the adapter was an awesome purchase. All ports are came working. The design is compact and slim, so it is easy to carry around as well. Owning a camera, I wanted to use the microSD card reader to import pictures, and it works just fine. Overall a great purchase and highly recommended to customers looking for an affordable and durable product!

	
  I just bought new macbook pro and it can accept only usb c type ports. I need something which allow me to memory card, regular usb, hdmi etc. I found this adapter and ordered it. I used it for few weeks and can say that this is very solid product and must have if you have new mac. I do recommend this product.

	
  Don't keep scrolling looking for a piece to context your MacBook Pro to USB! This product has done me very well through the many uses of streaming video and presentations. I would recommend this to anyone. I am about to by another for my Fiancé!

	
  I had to go through a few bad companies that broke after a month to find this one and I love it. This is something I use every day and love it.

	
  This compact and reliable hub is the perfect port hub for my MacBook Pro. I primarily use it for its HDMI port, but the SD port and the USB-B ports turned useful few times when I had to transfer picture and docs from my thumb drives and camera. Highly recommended.

	
  The Flepow adaptor has everything I need all in one place. Before I had to use multiple adaptors for HDMI, Card reading, and additional USB ports, but this adaptor has it all! The length of the cord is the perfect length for my laptop to be able to plug everything in seamlessly. Highly recommend this product!

	
  I have several USB C hubs as i am always looking for the perfect combination of size and inputs, this one is the best i have found, especially for the price.

	
  I use this every day with my macbook. It's lightweight, looks good, has all the ports I need, and works great. Recommended

	
  This works, unlike the one that came with my portable hard drive. Great product.

	
  Using it with my 2017 macbook pro, all the ports work fine and I don't have any complaints about the build quality.

	
  Definitely worth the investment to connect my laptop to a large monitor and plug in a backup USB Drive.

	
  This product worked perfectly with my 27” Samsung Curved monitor and my MacBook Pro. I used this hub to plug in my monitor and a wireless keyboard & mouse. Now, whenever I need to use my MacBook with a monitor and keyboard, I just plug in one cable, and my laptop becomes a desktop. Basically, it woks for me as a docking station. Very happy with the results.

	
  We purchased this adapter for my son to use with his new MacBook Pro as he started his freshman year at UPenn. The device is working perfectly for file sharing using thumb drives with his fellow business students and presentations in class at Wharton. Device quality is good, all ports work well and the finish matches his computer. Would definitely buy again.

	
  I recently got a new laptop that only has one USB port, that houses the mouse conector, and I need to plugin things that have USB connectors.  I looked at Best Buy for something like this and what they had was $100 and physically twice as big. This has been great and I have not had any problems with it.

	
  I used it to transfer data from a smaller microsd on laptop to a larger microsd.  It worked very well and it was fast as advertised. It was my first introduction using a USB - C device as I just brought a 11.6 laptop for taking on the road. I highly recommend it if you need to deal with a USB-C port.

	
  Very convenient. Every device that I have connected to this works without compromise.

	
  I just got a new MacBook Pro and haven’t been used to using a computer without the usual ports. This definitely helped me get connected to some of my usual accessories. The only thing I didn’t like is that it is kind of awkward to have hanging out of my computer. I think it’s probably more Apple to blame for not being universal. I like the product and will continue to use it.

	
  I loved this product, it is a great tool when I’m traveling. I still have a lot of information that can be accessed through USB drives and also I use it for my presentations.

	
  So far so good - this product works just like it's supposed to! I ordered it for use with my 2018 Macbook Air. I've used it mainly in combination with the USB plug, so can't really comment on any of the other features. But it is easily portable, and fairly quick to connect. I like that it has multiple ports making it more versatile, but like I said, I haven't fully tested out all its capabilities yet.

	
  This product goes great for my laptop. With this hub, I can use it to connect all my devices to it, especially since it does not contain any USB-C ports. It is also great taking it to and from my school.

	
  Great value for a quality adapter that just works well.  It's small and sleek making it really easy to travel with.

	
  With USB C being new to macbook pro users this USB C Hub has been invaluable. It gives me the flexibility to download photos from the card port, connect to an HDMI projector or used my numerous USB external  drives with my macbook pro.

	
  I've used it on my MacBook Air, my Chromebook, and my cellphone. No complaints. Worked as advertised.

	
  First thing I noticed about this product is the quality of material. It is the same material as my MacBook Air the cord and ports are very well built as well just a all around solid product. As for the performance it works just as described. It has all the connections one would need for a laptop and enough USB ports that are usb 3.0 . I am pleased with the purchase highly recommend.

	
  I am genuinely surprised with this product. I hate the fact that my Macbook Pro doesn't have the USB slots that I need but this was very helpful, especially working from home during COVID. I was worried that the usbs wouldn't fit in all together (to plug in a keyboard and mouse), but that wasn't the case.This dongle is so compact but has plenty of ports that I didn't realize I needed until now. I highly recommend this.

	
  This is a great product with multiple uses. It's priced reasonably and does everything I need it to.

	
  Works great for my Samsung Galaxy Note 8 with playing my games, online searching, watching videos and movies, and alot more. Haven't had a chance to use the USB ports, SD card, and micro SD card ports yet. I do reccomend this product to anyone that doesn't have a smart TV that you can stream your phone to. Overall fantastic product 10 outta 10.

	
  As most new individuals to the MacBook, I needed a USB adapter. This is a solid unit and works plug-and-play without any hassle.**However, there is some kind of interference with wireless mouse connectors. When using the HDMI plug, my wireless mouse has problems. I bought an 8$ wired mouse and problem solved. If you don't dual-screen with the HDMI, then it shouldn't be an issue.

	
  This is great. The only thing I wish was that it had a place to plug in for the internet instead of just using  WiFi.

	
  Using this for my HP laptop. Good size and features. The USB C works better than my regular USB hub.

	
  This fabulous and affordable little hub instantly expanded accessibility with the ease of plugging in the usb-c plug on the front of my computer - now I have multiple usb ports, sd, tp and HDMI right at my fingertips.One wishlist item:  a longer access cord, so the hub could be placed out of the way. Right now, it dangles in space from the  usb-c port on the front of my PC tower. Awkward.

	
  Not sure there is much I can say, it is made well, sturdy, and allowed the transfer of files on USB to be quick and easy.

	
  I love how being able to use multiple plugs at the same time and a lot cheaper than the original apple adapter. I wish it wasn’t so awkward on the side of my laptop but with all the it offers its not much of a bother. Also it’s super small and can fit into anything for traveling.

	
  It works perfect for what I need it for: USB, SD & Micro SD card slot, and HDMI. I would recommend it.

	
  I use this with a Macbook, SD cards and a couple of cameras. It works well and seems to be good quality.

	
  This little device is a game changer! I was able to turn my Samsung S8 Avtive into a virtual laptop computer by connecting this device andnthen connecting a monitor, keyboard and mouse to the adapter.  Amazing results! Who needs a laptop when I can simply carry my cell phone and this adapter?

	
  Amazing product. I bought a $75 one prior that wasn’t nearly as durable and broke 2 of my SD cards containing important photos. Ordered this one and I haven’t had a single problem.

	
  The new laptops are super light, but also a little short on USB ports.  So I started looking around for a hub I could use to maximize the efficiency of my laptop when I am home (that isn't to say it won't be great on the road).This hub is compact, looks sleek and works great.  While not really a "docking station", it is pretty much performing all the functions of one for me.  Great product.

	
  As one of the cheapest USB-C adapters out there, I expected bad build quality, iffy connections, and overall not a great product.  However, I was pleasantly surprised when this thing arrived.  About 4 months later of daily use on the HDMI, USB, and SD ports and they feel as good as new.  I definitely recommend this for an Apple user wanting to get your ports back!

	
  I had originally purchased a different adapter, but it did not fit with my case. This works as described with no complications. Would recommend.

	
  Just got it , and it feels sturdy. I really just wanted this for the SD Card slot and it worked!! It linked up well with my computer 💻 and so far so good.I have also tried the USB ports and they all work fine. I have yet to use the smaller SD slot and the HDMI. But overall great buy 👍🏻.

	
  Not cheap plastic. Amazing value for the price. Works straight out of the box as designed. Great for executive travelers.

	
  I used this product for church camp!! It came in clutch!! We had an issue where we need Edible the adapter so I brought mine. 300+ people were able to see the images on the screen because of this! Easy to use! Didn’t have any lag and videos were clear!!

	
  I had previously bought one of these that plugged directly into the computer (there was no cord from the unit to the computer) and within minutes of putting it in, it would be completely hot! I used it 3 times, and it stopped working. So I searched for another one and came across this one, so I gave it a shot. I am completely amazed that it doesn't even get warm! If you need something small, compact and easy to take with you, this is the one!

	
  Works so great! Exactly what I needed to be able to plug in all my devices. I am able to use all plugs at the same time without any issues.

	
  I have had this for a few months for a Surface Pro 7.  Does exactly what it is supposed to do and works great.  Nice and compact fits to travel with.

	
  This is perfect for the macbook pro since it has no USB slots! This product also is great for traveling.

	
  This was exactly what I needed for my new macbook! I didn’t realize that I would be unable to use my USB devices so this was a great way to convert them.

	
  I made this purchase because previously I used a different hub that went directly into my computer (with no chord) and it would always disconnect from my computer whenever I even slightly touched it. I do NOT have that problem with this hub, it has never come disconnected on me and has been very reliable. I would definitely recommend this style hub to anyone who gets a laptop that needs this type of adaptor. Great product!

	
  When upgrading to a later model Macbook, I didn't realize there were no ports or disc player. I'm so glad I found this affordable hardware to easily attach to my Macbook so I could use it the way I need to. Works as advertised.

	
  It's a nice looking device and the materials feel pretty high quality with a nice texture. I mainly needed this for the HDMI port for a second monitor on my 13" 2019 macbook pro, and it has been working for that very nicely. Having the extra usb ports is a big convenience, although I don't really use the SD card ports. I could see photographers using them, though. Overall I would definitely recommend this product, its a good value for the price!

	
  I really like! The same thing in Best Buy costs a lot of money, but this one is very cheap, very fast and really great! Definitely would recommend this!

	
  This product has a similar feel to the aluminum that apple uses on their products.. very nice.Overall I’m pretty satisfied with the product for the price it is offered at.The only complaint I have is that is you cannot use the hub and charge whatever device you have plugged in at the same time (I use with the iPad Pro 2nd generation so only 1 usb c on the device) but other than that, I would say its a pretty solid product and gets the job done!

	
  This usb hub is great! it works great, looks great, and the price is awesome! There's only a couple issues, there has been times when it doesn't turn on when plugged in but that's not a big deal because I can just unplug and plug and it works again, and the ports are mildly shallow ad stiff, it is semi resistant to plug something into it. other than this little things, the thing is great!

	
  I was a little skeptical when I saw the price, but after holding it in my hand for the first time I knew it was right. The hub has made of a really nice metal outside and it had a nice weight to it that made it feel expensive. There is a little light that turns on when you plug it into the computer. Overall it looks and feels great. Nice and portable.

	
  Got this for a new macbook, and for the money I can't complain. Three USB A ports and an HDMI is definitely welcome, and the card readers are lifesavers. The USB ports are all USB 3.0 (and not 3.1), so have speed expectations in check.Build-wise the case could be a bit more sturdy, as it rattles a little when you knock on it. Another USB C port would also be welcome.

	
  The product is simplistic and compact in design. Plug and play works well for USB devices, seamlessly. When I plugged in a USB mouse, I had to remove and plug it again to work. This is only for the first time. After that, it has been seamless. Yet to use all the ports at the same time.

	
  There were many options for a USB C to 3.0 adapter out there, few as perfect as this for functionality. It was important for me to have three USB 3.0 ports- for my external hard drive, a mouse, and an extra port in case I needed to plug in my phone while running the other two devices. Many other adapters were more expensive and had too many features or were larger. This is affordable, small enough to travel with, high quality fit and finish, and covers all of my needs.

	
  This products works perfectly. Purchased to use with wacom graphic tablet, mouse and external hard drive. Have not used the HDMI port, but plan on using with an external monitor. Only concern with this is the cord. It is a little stiff and not easily bent to curve around laptop or bent to be store more compactly. Time till tell. Review will update if anything changes.

	
  Love the product and all the inputs it has.  As a new MAC user this thing is a life saver.  One USB C for all your needs.  Has recognized all my devices so far and no issues.  Works with CAC cards if in the military as well.

	
  Great companion for my macbook pro. Has a lot of ports and seems to be durable. I like the color and finish. You can tell that this is high quality material.

	
  This is the perfect adapter for any MacBook user. After a good amount of time using this adapter, I have come to the conclusion that this is the best bang for your buck when in comes to USB type C adapters. with 3 USB ports and an HDMI port I am already happy but since it has SD and micro SD slots, I am even happier. this is perfect for anyone who is looking to get extra functionality out of their computer. I am very happy with this product!

	
  This little gadget allows me to print anywhere. Connect my computer to my TV and a host of other wonderful things. So happy I purchased this.

	
  This thing is great. Had every port I could need. Simple to plug in and use. Color matches my MacBook Pro. Easy to travel with and makes all my peripherals ready to be used.

	
  This product works great!  I am able to add another monitor, my external hard drive and my printer to my MacBook Pro using only one slot!  Great value!

	
  Es mejor de o que esperaba. lo conecté a mi samsung galaxy note 8 con cable hdmi a un tv smart y de inmediato me activó la opción DEX de Samsung. permite trabajar con todos los puertos al mismo tiempo. muy util...

	
  The cord is a little long and seems cumbersome at times. I use it the most with Camera and printer, and charging other products

	
  You dont know how much you need it till you have it! Use it to display presentations from my tablet to television, to transfer multiple usb drives on to one drive, to transfer pictures from my camera to my phone instantly, and much much more!

	
  Great hub was able to add large monitor, keyboard, cellphone hookup, track pad and use my laptop as a desktop. it can also read my camera memory card.  I also can use this as an expansion USB hub for my 27 inch iMac, which is how I am using it now.  Very inexpensive and well made.Never used it for traveling, not sure why I would need a expansion hub while away, laptop ports are sufficient.

	
  This hub works great. There no lag in the video while using my external monitor, it gives much needed extra USB ports. It also give a long enough cable so I can use Velcro tape to attach it to my MacBook Air.

	
  The USB C Hub Multiport Adapter - 7 in 1 Portable Space Aluminum Dongle with 4K HDMI Output, 3 USB has preformed well. HDMI, USB and SD hubs each work well. It is large enough that I don’t lose it and small enough that it is portable. One may want to consider a hub that also connects to a power source but that hasn’t been an issue for me.

	
  The adapter works as it should, all features work as advertised and even works with an older monitor for HDMI. More than I can say for the usb-c to HDMI adapter cables I got before this. I think this is a great buy at a good price. Will probably pick up one or two more.

	
  As the trend in computer and multimedia moving forward to us USB-C, it is very difficult to find a right hub at a right price, yet stylish. FlePow showed on my Amazon page with a right price. It allowed me to hook up my MacBook to TV via HDMI or still using my USB or SD card as usual. It made my life much more easier with a reasonable price. It also saved me a lot of effort to transfer my files from my old device.

	
  I was researching what device I could use to connect to my Apple computer. After looking on the Apple website, I looked elsewhere for something similar, compatible and reasonably priced. Found this adapter and I so far so good. I've used it several times and has worked amazingly well.

	
  Just plug & play USB-C Hub.  Haven't had any issues.  Like that it has slot for SD card as MacBook Pro no longer has.  This is convenient for downloading photos from digital camera.  I could do that with cable connection directly to camera but this is quicker and no looking for cables.  I'm pleased with the purchase at a reasonable cost especially compared to buying different cable adapters directly from Apple.

	
  It connects well, powers all devices that are connected to it seamlessly and is very well made! Love the look, as it matches my Pro. And love that I don't have to buy adapters any longer!

	
  I got this to have multiple ports because I have a MacBook Air and it only has two USB seaport and I just wanted multiple ports. It works perfectly and is very portable. I definitely recommend this to anybody who needs it.

	
  Once we got our new Macbook, we realized we had to way to hookup a HDMI monitor or how to plug in our usb drives. The macbook is great, but very limited in the number of ports. This small adapter gave us everything that we needed. This is a perfect edition to a new macbook

	
  Apple is too trendy to put any USB 3.0 connectors in its newest MacBook Pro, but I needed to plug 2 in. This USB C hub does the trick. The SD card part is a bonus, for importing photos from my DSLR. Great little hub at a great price.

	
  I bought this 4 months ago and have been using it with my laptop since  my laptop only has 3 USB slots. This doesn't take up much room and has been working beautifully. It also looks quite classy.

	
  This port is slim and of good quality. It works as it's advertised. Though later I switched to USB-C to DP which can give way better operation and less time-lapse, I still decide to keep it in case I need to connect my laptop for non-local presentations. Anyway, if you're looking for a way to connect your laptop to your monitor and your monitor has both the DP and HDMI option, you'd better go to the DP. Otherwise, HDMI is your only option and this is a perfect port for you to use.

	
  This is a well designed, constructed adaptor hub for late model mac users. I I never expected the new macbook to only have usb-c ports, so i found this adapter hub that can connect different kinds of peripherals. I have been using this adaptor for about 6 mons already and no issues so far.

	
  This product is extremely well made and does it's job well.I am a musician and record my own music using MIDI and a very good interface. I use this to connect those devices, my mouse and a hi def monitor with no problems.

	
  Very high quality finish and the connector has all the ports that I need. It has fast responses for USB data transfer. Also, the sleek design is perfect for traveling. Absolutely loving it.

	
  This one has very good build quality and it works perfect when I connect any laptop to monitor without any lag. I would highly recommend this to anyone who is looking for a docking station kind of this thing to connect monitor to laptop.

	
  It's so frustrating that a lot of new devices only have USB-C ports, making them incompatible with all other types of adapters. This product is perfect and has saved me from any and all USB-C port related trouble. It's super compact, so you can just toss it in your bag, and it won't take up a ton of space. I've loaded it full with all kinds of plug ins and have had no problems whatsoever. Definitely recommend getting this product.

	
  You wont be sorry if you buy this doc it works perfectly and is very fast.Don't spend your money on more expensive ones, when this will do the same thing.plus it's easy to pull from your bag and plug it right in and remove when you are doneand it snaps in so it will stay secure and wont fall out. Also work's with windows 10 pc's that have a usb C port.It has every kind of port you need I plug mine into my 4k tv for a second monitor. good stuff !!!

	
  This adapter is excellent to connect new MacBook laptops to HDMI, has three USB ports and SD and TF slots. Works extremely well. It is light weight and does not overheat. Highly recommended!

	
  It's pretty well built and fits perfect in my laptop bag. I like having all the extra ports to use with my hard drives and thumb sticks. The hdmi is good too. All in all, I think it was a good purchase.

	
  connects solidly to a late 2019 version of Dell XPS 13.  USB and HDMI ports work.  Good looking construction.  little light is on when it is plugged in, even when computer turned off.  Only downside to this design is that it is attached by the little cord.  I do wish someone had a design that closely hugged the body of the XPS 13.

	
  I have a Chromebook which lacks a card reader and has minimal ports. This device makes it easy to download pics, charge my fitbit, charge my headphones, etc. all at the same time. Perfect for travel as it eliminates the need for multiple adapters and charging devices.

	
  Nice USB-C hub and HDMI adapter. Works perfectly with my MS Surface Laptop. USB throughput is speedy. HDMI resolution is excellent. No problems and seems rugged enough for moderate travel.

	
  Love that it's lightweight, compact, lights up, sturdy, and up to date with what allotted space it has for peripherals.I've looked around and this is the best bang for your buck!I'm buying 2 more for my hubby and my daughter.

	
  Works great and really helpful for traveling both hand half and on the tv. Lots of space for all the stuff you might want. I like to use an adapter to use a PS4 controller instead and this let me use it even hand held and with other attachments.

	
  Good build quality, doesn't feel flimsy. I am currently using the HDMI port and all three USB ports (for my keyboard, mouse, and external microphone). No noticable latency on any of those devices, Maintains connectivity throughout usage.This product might be more expensive than others but it's worth the peace of mind to be able to plug your devices in and not have to fiddle with any connections or even buy a new one if it's not working.

	
  The range of ports on this device makes it very convenient to be able to connect the devices I commonly use. It was smaller than I expected (which is a good thing!) and the color matches my space gray macbook. Unfortunately, I wasn't able to transfer picture from my Android to macbook like I was planning to do.  I'm pretty sure this is because of compatibility issues between Apple and Android and not because of the port.  I am still keeping this device because of its many other uses!

	
  I love it! I especially love the fact that it lights up when it’s connected to my MacBook. This allows me to know that it’s still functioning. I had a different brand that didn’t light up and I thought it might have been my MacBook that’s problematic. But, with this one it is a great indicator. It’s lightweight, doesn’t have issues connecting with my MacBook case, and it’s very easy to use and travel.

	
  Loved that it had multiple USB c port and the hdmi. Used it to connect my laptop (only has 1 USB C and normal USB port) to an extended computer monitor (hdmi), my phone charger and mouse usb. Easy set up. No rocket science degree needed. Stable.

	
  This little hub is great. It's lightweight and has all the extra ports I would need. My desk is in my room too so I like that it doesn't have a really bright light on it like some other components. Highly recommend.

	
  I gave this to my son. He needed this for school and is compatible with his laptop.  He said it really is nice and makes his work more efficient.  I got this thinking I could use with my iPad but that wasn't the case. You need a laptop or current computer to be able to use this but when you are able to use this it's a nifty little gadget.

	
  My old computer recently died so I gave in and bought a new MacBook.  To my horror all new MacBooks only come with USB C ports which means all my electronics are practically useless.  My 2nd monitor, microphone, hard drive, and printer were all useless.  So, instead of buying all new cables I bought this adapter instead and I definitely made the right call!  This adapter is able to handle multiple connections at once which means I can use everything I mentioned all at once while only using one port on my computer!  It keeps things organized and clutter free on my desk and I love it!  I'll be buying another one purely for travel because this is a life saver!

	
  So far so good this is exactly what I wanted for my MacBook Pro.  It’s a lot smaller than what I was using before which makes it a lot more compactible and easy to travel with. The SD card is recognize every time I put it in versus other ones that take two or three attempts for it to recognize

	
  Do you want to limit the number of devices plugged into your computer or expand your number of USB Ports and had an HDMI port?  If you do, this is the product for you.  It works great and the price it right.

	
  This is perfect for minimizing all the USB-C conversion cords you'd have to carry. It's lightweight and compact and has the perfect amount of ports for exactly what I need. A great essential buy for someone using a newer Macbook that has only USB-C ports.

	
  My new MacBook Pro has 4 USB-C ports. But most of my accessories require a USB-A connector. This handy little hub provides the connectivity I need. Plus SD and Micro SD, as well as an HDMI port. Very high build quality, and it works just the way it is supposed to. As a nice touch, the brushed aluminum looks great next to the MBP.

	
  I use this for my laptop, primarily to get a couple extra standard USB ports for things like extra mouse/keyboard/cooling tray. The MicroSD card slots have come in handy for transferring pictures/videos off of a dash-cam I have and an older camera that uses MicroSD cards.

	
  I was looking for a good hub for my new Macbook, having never needed one before with previous ones. This one works perfectly! I originally thought I wouldn't need an HDMI port, but little did I know that COVID-19 was coming! I used the HDMI port for streaming church every Sunday. I have used this with several things plugged in at once, and it always works great. I haven't noticed any lag or problems of any kind. Great price, too!

	
  I purchased this adapter when the one work provided to me crapped out after a week. It's been great and have not had any issues. My previous adapter would cause my external monitor to flicker constantly but this one has worked like a charm. I would highly recommend.Occasionally the wifi at work goes out so I do wish this had an ethernet port. But that's my only super minor issue. I know, first world problems. :-)

	
  Edit: After my review of the issues I had with the product, the seller reached out to offer me a full refund for my trouble. I very much appreciate this kind of customer service and have changed my review to reflect that.I purchased this converter for use with my Macbook Pro that has only USB-c ports. It had decent reviews so I decided to try it out. It works, but only about half the times. It seems like I always have to change ports 2-3 times before I get a connection. This is obviously frustrating. I do sort of wish I had returned.. I have other converters that work in all of my ports, so I know it is an issue with the product and not my laptop.

	
  I ordered this USB Hub for my new Windows Surface Pro. I wanted to connect an external monitor as I do graphic work and the new laptops offer fewer adaption ports. This little guy was a perfect solution for me to use flash drives, an external mouse and hooked up my monitor. The device is tiny in size but has all the ports could need for adaptability. Also a nice quality product and easy usability. I am going to order two more for my college sons.

	
  Love this little USB hub!  Works great for my Macbook Pro and gives me options to connect other devices without the bulk.  HDMI works great and all ports work great as well.  Highly recommend for the value!

	
  after a couple of months of using and enjoying this product, I decided to give this product a five star. Once you purchased a newer version of Mac book or air, a usb/c adapter is a must have. And this adapter gives you anything you could ever need. It has lasted over half a year, and it is still in good condition. I used this pretty much everyday just to connect my mouse. One thing I especially love is it comes with the SD card reader. For someone who loves taking photos with a DSLR camera, this multiple use adapter saves me the trouble of adding an extra equipment just to upload the photos. Overall, great product!

	
  I bought this adaptor a while ago. Both my wife and I use it on our computers ( Windows and Mac), and we have been so happy with our purchase so far.I also suggested the product to one of my colleagues at work.

	
  I had ordered a different adapter first that needed special instructions to even use with my laptop, I consulted with our IT department and they suggested I return it and buy this product instead. So much easier, just plug in and use. Plenty of connections, I have two additional monitors but my laptop only has a connection for one, this adapter has the other one, it also holds two external storage devices and still has space for a wireless mouse/keyboard connection and the two card readers. It's small enough to fit in your travel bag, doesn't need an additional power source, your laptop connects easily through the C port.

	
  This product works as advertised. I have been using it since Nov 2019 and I have had no issues with it. Doesn't work with my pixel 3,but that might be my phones fault. Works great with my tablet. Would recommend.

	
  While there are many types of adapters this one seemed to fit my needs the best.  3 USB ports is plenty, an adapter for HDMI means anything can go to the TV and SD flash fits most of my camera needs.  The unit itself is small, sleek and robust.  It will stay with the laptop either at home or on the road.

	
  extremely helpful and useful tool.  expands the number of ports available and very useful with the SD card reader---allowing us to transfer photos from camera now that those connections are not generally available on newer laptop computers....the adaptor has worked fine.

	
  I have had this for months often using most of the ports at the same time and I have never had a problem! I wondered if having this many inputs be channelled into one USB-c on my laptop would be a problem, but it isn't! It looks high quality and looks nice with my mac. So happy I got this instead of paying $70 for the Apple one.

	
  I wanted to hook a 2nd monitor (3rd display) up to my new Lenovo Thinkbook 14s-ILW.  After hooking 2nd display though HDMI and getting Leno driver to work; I then turned on the 3rd display, plugged in the HDMI  to this hub, plugged it into the type C port and instantly had the 3rd display going.  Nothing to set on the laptop; it just came up perfectly.  So now I have 3 displays extended using a sub $30 adapter.  I almost spent $200 on the Lenovo one; glad I didn't.  This should work well on any laptop that has a USB Type C 3.0 that also has audio, video and power (think it's also called Thunderbolt)  Not all type C connectors are the same

	
  I needed a dongle for USB and SD card for a new laptop, and am very pleased to have three USB ports, an HDMI port and an SD port and TF port (which I didn't think I'd need until this very week.) In line with Apple style, solidly made - it's held up in travels (being thrown into travel bag daily) and is still functional. Recommended.

	
  I like the small size and the fact that it only takes up one of the USB-C ports on my MacBook Air. It seems to be constructed well. Doesn’t seem to run hot like the reviews on some of the other, similar hubs indicate. I haven’t used all the ports so I will update the review if necessary, but so far so good.

	
  Wonderful product that I am using with my new MacBook Pro and it meets all my needs.Likes:-Good Build Quality-Portability for carrying around in my work bag-HDMI Port placementDislikes:-None at this timeRecommendation:-It would be cool to have an RJ-45 connector added in.

	
  This USB-Port is amazing! It has everything I need to stay productive. It is simple as plug and play. I used it to add additional monitor to my workspace using the HDMI port and I have my several USB 3.0 Flash drives that I plug into for additional storage space. It is super fast, no lag time, and it easily adjustable so I can move it around in my workspace. All the ports work great. It is built really well and feels really sturdy. Plus, the color matches my MacBook Pro, which is nice aesthetic touch. If you are looking for a reasonably price USB hub with HDMI, USB 3.0 ports, and SD drives, this is it! It has added to my productivity!

	
  When I bought my new MacBook Pro I needed an adapter, but Apple said their port was a thunderbolt connection and I could not use a USB to C adapter.  I decided to give this one a try --- if it didn't work I would return it.  It works wonderfully --- just what I needed.  I really like being able to use 2 USB, my camera card and a HDMI cable all in one adapter.  It works perfectly --- thank-you!

	
  I never thought this product will work this far,I actually ordered it for my hubby going for his military training at the time with his macbook pro and he got back already,I was surprised to see that he's still using it till date.Its being 8months now.the best thing about it is that it has different portal where you can plug in different USB at the same time.i also share it with him most of time .

	
  Have been using this for the last couple of days. Needed an USB A port for my mac BookPro. This has a HDMI that allows me to connect to an external monitor and works great. Use the USB 3.0 ports to connect to external mouse, keyboard and HDD to the MAC. This size is pretty compact and works very well for me.

	
  My wife needed a way to connect USB drives to her new MacBook Air and I needed a way to connect an external HDMI display to my new work MacBook Pro. After looking through the top-rated offerings on Amazon I chose the FlePow 7-in1 device. Three months in and it's become one of the most valuable add-ons I've ever purchased. It works flawlessly for HDMI displays (I've tested it on ViewSonic, LG & HP). It works for our external WD drives. It works for all types of SD cards for our various devices. Build quality is excellent. No heat issues, stays cool during a normal work day. Considering purchasing a second one to leave in the backpack. Would definitely recommend!

	
  Bought a new Dell XPS 13 - lightweight and portability were key factors however it only has USB C ports.  This is a compact and solidly made hub that provides three standard USB 3.0 ports and HDMI connectivity.  It also has SD/Micro SD card slots - I haven't used those. Happy with purchase!

	
  For the cost I would say it’s a great deal but honestly if this was $100 it would be a great deal. It’s very solid and looks and feels great. I had one that looked much like this which was $120 when purchased and I was worried this would feel cheap. It does not.

	
  The USB C Hub Multiport Adapter came in well packaged and ready for use.  This adapter is small with a foot print not much larger than a USB stick I use on it,  the USB connections, SD card and HDMI connection make a nice portable docking station for my laptop.  I was impressed by the quality of the construction and the robustness of the all aluminum housing.  This little device will be a mainstay in my backpack!!

	
  this product is exactly what I needed. possibly the best and most affordable way to access all the essential needs - USB-3, HDMI, SD/MicroSD, etc. - through one small, incredibly portable adapter.Also, the seller was incredibly helpful in assisting me with an issue I had and they were quick to get the problem resolved. thank you!

	
  This little gadget was a must-have for me when I got my new macbook pro. With only having so many ports available and needing adapters to make it into USB or other plugs, it is a little frustrating as a computer owner who needs to access USB often. That's why I'm so thankful that this USB adapter has so many options. Unlike tiny single adapters, this is large enough that it won't get lost in my computer bag.

	
  I have used this twice with my 2018 12.9 inch iPad Pro running iOS13. It works great for transferring things from my external hard drive to my iPad files. I also use it to transfer RAW files from my camera to my iPad via SD card to edit-in Lightroom. I honestly thought this was going to be something that failed right out the box, but I was pleasantly surprised to find that this product came with a robust metal housing and a stout cable. I wish though, that the cable was detachable and longer. Other than that, this really is quite a great buy for the money!

	
  I bought this b/c my new DELL laptop uses mini USB C ports. Most of the newer laptops now uses this type of USB port instead of the USB 3.0.  So this is a must-have for backward compatibility. It has a lot of adaptability built into it : One HDMI, one full size SD card, one micro SD, and 3 USB 3.0 ports. I have been using this product since Jan 2020. After unpacking the product packaging, I first thought it was made of flimsy plastic. But actually it is made of either magnesium or aluminum. My guess is it is magnesium b/c it feels heavy and solid which I really like. You don't have worry about bending this hub due to its solidness. I believe this will be a long-term keeper. Really like it!

	
  I love this. It opens up multiple ports for use all across one USB C port. Great for photographers that need those extra ports. I can use all USB ports and my SD card ports at once. Super helpful and color match is spot on. I had the dock that connected directly to the 2 USB C ports, but I have a hard case on my MacBook, so that didn’t work. This gives more room to use if you keep your MacBook in a case. Love it!

	
  I travel a lot and now that the new MacBooks come with only USB-C this is a perfect companion, a must-have. 7 in 1 multiport adapter. HDMI, USB 3.0 ports, SD and microSD card reader. The device does tend to get warm to touch however so far it's been running just fine. The price is great compared to other products I have seen online. It comes with a 1-year warranty.

	
  This product is a lot studier than I thought it would be, it also helped me discover Samsung DeX, their built in desktop interface. It won't bring up DeX with my Note 9+ but it will work with the S8+. There isn't a power adapter on the unit, but I think you should be able to use it with a wireless charger, not confirmed though, using your phone as a desktop is pretty cool though thanks to this product for showing me that possibility.

	
  Our company give us a usb-c hub with our laptops. It keeps on disconnecting anything I plug so I bought a replacement kne on my own dime.  This one is perfect.  Sturdy, well built, light, portable and best of all, It works.  It doesn't disconnect my device and I had it plugged in backing up my music.  In short, I recommend this device. I should recommend this to our I.T. as well and replace that junk connector with this one.

	
  I purchased this USB hub and was surprised at the meticulously crafted design for the price.  It has an aluminum unibody, which keeps it cool but also gives it a sleek look.  The USB on it is lightning fast.  I haven't used the card slots or HDMI on it yet, but that's definitely an added bonus for someone that uses a hub while on travel.  The only down sides are I wish it also had a USB C port and I wish the source cable could detach or collapse for easier portability.  At any rate, I'm happy with the purchase and if I had to do it again, I would probably make the purchase again.

	
  This was just what I needed for my new MacBook. The 3 USB ports make it accessible for me to easily save my data to a flash drive. The memory card slot is also convenient to import photos from the camera. The HDMI is the most important to be for connecting to larger screens for presentations. The size not very large so I can easily carry it in my bag. I definitely recommend this product for those with MacBooks and are on-the-go.

	
  I purchased this to replace my regular USB HUB.  I was not getting consistent speed on USB 3.0 and needed a more reliable and consistent HUB.  This product delivers the speed on a consistent basis.  I have not used the HDMI or the SD and Micro SD card slot so I can't review that portion but the USB ports are quite good.  overall I would recommend this product just on USB ports.

	
  Awesome little piece of electronics for my new 2019 Apple MacBook Pro. Now I'll be able to connect to many things that are not yet USB-C ready plus peripherals that no longer come with new laptops! Things like a CD/DVD drive and SD card reader. What Thrills me most is the capability of an HDMI connection to my TV to watch the soaps I missed. lol. Although, I am having trouble with using Safari. The screen is blank so I use Google Chrome to watch instead. The hub is reliable, small and lightweight. It fits easily into an old eyeglass case for protection and travel. Love it. Thanks!

	
  This is the perfect adapter for my new MacBook. I like that it has more than just USB ports. It’s also smaller and more portable than the one I had for my old laptop (by a different company just to be clear). It’s nice to be able to use it with a laptop case on also. It will definitely be easy to travel with if needed. Also the finish of it matches the finish of my MacBook (space gray) which makes everything look more cohesive. Overall really liking this so far!

	
  This product was exactly what I was looking for! The only thing I disliked about the new Macbook model was that it did not have USB-A ports and instead only had USB-C ports. I was therefore worried about being unable to plug my typical USBs such as my iPhone chargers into my new laptop and knew that I needed a converter. This USB-C hub was perfect as it comes with 3 USB ports and even an HDMI port and SD card readers! It allows me to connect multiple accessories at once with ease. It is also extremely compact and easy to carry around in my backpack in case I need it. The hub is great quality and appears to be well-made. I would definitely recommend this to anybody looking for a converter or hub!

	
  This adapter is great and comes with exactly the ports I need. I use a dual monitor at home, so having the HDMI is great. I also edit photos so having both sizes of SD card slots is perfect. They could have just had the large one and expected buyers to get a micro SD card adapter, but they included both sizes so you don't have to worry. The best part about the product is that it has the cord where it plugs into the laptop, instead of being fixed. The problem with the fixed ones is that they don't have any flexibility, so the setup might not be the way you want it. Because this product has the cord you can set it up however you want. As for functionality, I don't notice any lag from anything plugged into it, dual monitor, SD cards, plug in mouse, flash drives, etc. They all work perfectly so the adapter is doing its job well.

	
  I bought this adapter to work with my MAC and XPS laptops, both are USB-c and this adapter makes it easy for me to use either laptop in my office or my home office without issue or driver problems. I have my second monitor and use other USB devices. I also recommend this  Multiport Adapter to my bother so when he works from home he just needs to use the adapter in lieu of bringing his docking station home.

	
  To show my scuba diving photos and movies on the tv. Perfect

	
  I love this adapter for my MacBook Pro.  It has all the ports of a much more expensive hub but without my wallet taking the hit.  It has worked for everything I have plugged into it.  It's a great size, fits in my backpack without taking up a ton of space or being heavy.  Overall I am happy with my purchase and would buy it again.

	
  I chose this adapter because of the number of different various ports.  I personally needed at least 2 USB ports, and this one even has an HDMI port which was a bonus.  There are 7 in total.  I have used an adapter that sits "flush" to my computer in the past and always had problems with the connection.  This one is great and easy to move with my computer around the house or to work.

	
  This product was more affordable than other brands' multiport adapters. It works very well - I used it mostly for my hard drive & SD card. And I didn't know that this wasn't made for using mouse, so when I used it for my mouse the delay in response was really bad. (I thought it was the mouse that was the problem but turned out to be this adapter) However, later I read in the description that this isn't the best product for using mouse so I ended up getting apple USB C-USB adapter so all is well. Overall, I would recommend this product unless you want to use your mouse with this.

	
  Recently updated my laptop to a 2019 MacBook Pro. Until other devices convert to USB-C, I'll need something like this for connectivity. This hub does it all for me--three USB 3.0 ports for various peripherals, one HDMI for 4K connection to my monitor, an SD card slot, and even a micro-SD! Still leaves a laptop port free for charging. No issues with heating up. Made of space-grey aluminum with a short connecting cable, it's lightweight but sturdy, and has been easy to pack for travel. I may have to get another, in case I leave it at the office or something. Recommended.

	
  This was purchased for an HP mini work station. It has a few USB connections and the mini USB c connector. Using this guy provided 3 more USBs and a SD and mini SD. One for a USB stick, an old camera and a 3D printer using the mini SD. Perfect. It is small so I used the 3D printer to make a spacer and with some foam tape it's stuck to the PC and doesn't move, more perfect.

	
  I bought this hub as I needed more USB 3.0 ports.  It is nicely made with quality materials.  It has transferred 4 Terabytes in one sitting with no issues and has transferred more than that over time.  Speeds for the micro-SD are the fastest I have seen with sustained 85 Megabytes a second read speeds on a class 10 card.  The HDMI port also works without any problems, although I have only tested to 1080P@60.  Great little hub for the money and fully works as a dock with no issues.

	
  Chinese price, Japanese durability. Have travelled with this thing for several months now, carelessly throwing it into my travel bag to accessorize my MacBook - because they've decided such things as multiple USB ports/headphone jacks/CD drives are completely useless.Get this. It's handy, it's practical, and cost effective.

	
  Now that Apple has removed all the useful ports from their new laptops, getting a dongle such as this is required equipment. As the IT Manager, I buy one of these for each new MacBook my organization buys, because without them we lose the ability to use all the thumb drives, external monitors, projectors, digital cameras, wireless mice, etc that we've been supplying our staff with for years. Yes, Apple makes wireless alternatives to most (not all) of these, but A) all that old stuff still works and I cannot justify replacing it and B) the new wireless stuff sometimes DOESN'T work and everyone needs a sure-fire hardwired backup method.And so, this dongle. There are many dongles out there. We have tried many dongles. This one is the best. Best performance per dollar. Don't waste your time with cheaper dongles, don't waste your money with more expensive dongles. This is the dongle for you. It just works.

	
  This thing was purchased for use with a usb-shy laptop used when we travel.  It is a replacement for an ungainly externally powered hub I had previously used and it is WAY beyond expectations in every way.First:  It is small and very substantially built.  Second:  It doesn't need an external power source -- all power comes from the usb port.  In my case with the laptop, it supports file transfers between two 500GB plugin-ssd's and it is FAST; making excellent use of the usb-3 port that the laptop has.Finally; The laptop does NOT have a usb-C port, so I bought the Electop GEN 2 Adapter (https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B07Q81GD5G/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_search_asin_title?ie=UTF8&psc=1) to convert from usb-C to usb-3.  The combination works extremely well.It is rare that I get to say "Highly Recommended".  This is one of those times.

	
  Will be working from home temporarily with a Mac laptop supplied by work. My personal Mac laptop (older) has USB ports, the new one doesn't. To connect my tablet, external drive, keyboard, and monitor... this was a perfect solution (plus I could plug a phone headset into my keyboard USB). This adapter is the perfect solution- it arrived quickly and appears to be well made (aluminum case).

	
  I bought this so that I could connect a third monitor to my Macbook Pro at work (I already maxed out my dock with two monitors that connects to one of my USB-C ports) and also as a travel dongle with multiple port options, for e.g., projector/screen display (via HDMI) or mouse, or really whatever, when I'm traveling.  It's always worked as expected, and is smaller than my other, similar dongle I have at home, which I like for travel.  I haven't tried using the SD slot, but other than that, I'm happy with this.  And the price point is better than the first I bought (the one I have at home) that I bought about a year ago when I first got this Macbook.

	
  PROS-  - Build Quality  - HDMI Port  - Size / Portability  - Price (currently ~20$ was ~25 when I purchased it)CONS-  - A little large (But only due to the number of ports, my purchase choice)  - Connecting wire is rigid... That's it reallyThoughts ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I searched extensively for a reasonably priced USB-C hub for my HP Spectre. The Spectre has a USB-A and 3 USB-C ports, sadly my type-A port no longer functions meaning I can no longer use flash drives, SSD's, or any wire with a USB connection. I saw this product on amazon, and it was exactly what I was looking for, it had three USB-A ports and even an HDMI which is great. The price was fairly reasonable and so far ( I have had it for 2 or 3 months) it is working flawlessly. The build seems good, it's metal and rubber, and it has held up great so far. ANOTHER thing, I found out actually if you have a Samsung and connect this to the USB-C port and connect it to a TV or monitor it triggers the DEX feature, which makes your phone into a computer. This was unexpected and actually a very pleasant surprise.  Overall, I would recommend this for anyone needing an extension to your ports. If I run into any issues I will surely update this review.

	
  I needed to upgrade my SD card reader and HDMI cable for my new iPad Pro, but didn’t want to have to pay the price for the Apple brand adapters (again). This adapter works perfectly for downloading photos and for connecting my iPad to my projector for movie watching.The hub is a nice size. About as slim as my iPad (almost exactly the same, if slightly bigger). I’m not sure why it was designed this way, but slightly rounded, so neither side lies perfectly flat on the table. It’s not a big deal though.The color is nice, but I’d prefer if it were a closer match to the Space Gray iPad (since it seems like they were aiming for something in that ballpark with their “Space Aluminum”).

	
  I bought one of these for my MacBook pro to use an external monitor.  I recently purchased a 27" iMac and needed a similar solution.  My old iMac used the older Thunderbolt ports so my adaptor would not fit.  This, once again, did not disappoint! Plugged it in, added a 4K monitor and boom! Instant extra display!  So much cheaper than manufacturer options and works great!

	
  Purchased this for my new MacBook Pro due to the fact that it has no standard USB ports, only USB C. This product had great reviews and looked great in pictures. When I received the product, the quality was better than expected. The materials are high quality and matches my MacBook perfectly. Operation of the device has been seem less. I have not experienced a single issue or malfunction. It connects without effort and acts as a normal part of my MacBook.Highly recommend.

	
  I bought a new Dell laptop with only 2 USB ports and they were both USB-C. I have lots of 4 TB portable hard disks with the old USB plugs for backup and extra disk space. I bought this item to solve the problem. It is great. It is so small - perfect for traveling. It needs no external power for portable disks - don't know about the big disks that have an AC plug. It has fast enough transfer for me between 2 hard drives plugged into it.  I mainly use 3 USB ports at once and all seems fine. I have not yet tried the HDMI slot or the SD card slot. The only problem I have is when I want to move the laptop with all attached. The wire to this gizmo can get twisted and I think that will harm the life span of the device. So I suggest not being lazy like me - release and unplug everything from your laptop when moving it.

	
  This device is very light with metal casing. I have seen review of other "cheap" adaptor, the reviewer complained about the adaptor became very hot when coping large amount of data. Not with this device, since the casing is metal with large surface, copying large amount of data using this device will only make it "comfortably warm", and can be managed safely and easily.I was planning to use it with my Google Pixel, so was looking for light and compact device. I am very surprised that it is really light and compact.After receiving it, I plug it into my Google Pixel, and insert a 128 GB micro SD card into the reader. I was prompted to format the disk, and my Google Pixel had hard time reading the micro SD card. This makes me somewhat disappointed with the device. After all, my intention was to take the SD card (I would prefer to use 128 GB card) from a regular camera, and thru this device to display on the Google Pixel. As an experiment, I removed the 128 GB card, and inserted a 32 GB card. This time, I did not receive the "format disk" prompt, and I was able to view the content inside the 32 GB card.Thinking that "format disk" message might be from Google Pixel itself, I plug the hub into my Asus Chromebook with 128 GB card in it. Interesting enough, I had no problem viewing the content inside the 128 GB SD card. This experiment made me realize that the "format disk" prompt was really coming from my Google Pixel (first generation), which most likely could not handle any SD card with capacity greater than 32 GB (maybe 64 GB).After knowing that the problem was caused by my own Google Pixel phone, I know how to by-pass this problem when using this device with my Google Pixel, use a lower capacity SD card.There are three "shortcomings" of this device that everyone should know.1) As I mentioned above, if you encountered "format disk" prompt, try to use lower capacity disk. It most likely generated by your own phone or computer.2) USB-C interface supposedly has no "up" or "down" side, and can be plug in any side. But this device requires you to plug the device with logo facing up, otherwise it won't work. When you plug it in with the "right" side, a little light will light up to let you know that it is connected.3) When you are done with the hub, make sure to remove it. I plug this device in my Chromebook for more than a week, and this device seems to "drain" the power from the Chromebook, even the Chromebook has power down.The three "shortcomings" above is easy to deal with, I will still give this device a 5 star rating.

	
  I've gone through a lot of USB hubs over the years. None were as adaptable as this one. It combines  multi-card capabilities with multi-type connectors in a neat, well made package. It takes very little space when packed for traveling, a fraction of that taken by multiple leads, Flash cards etc. There is no setup, other than connecting things, and the price is very good. I'm very happy with it and recommend it to others with similar needs.

	
  I just became a Mac owner and didn't realize how many devises I had that didn't connect to this new computer.  I was looking for a reasonably priced adapter that would serve multiple functions.  The USB C Hub Multiport Adapter - 7 in 1 Portable Space Aluminum Dongle with 4K HDMI Output, 3 USB 3.0 Ports, SD/Micro SD Card Reader does it all.  It's also small enough to fit in my Mac cover so I'm never without it.  I've had it now for since January 12 and I've had no problems.  I heartily recommend it!

	
  I have to say I was a bit skeptical, between the really reasonable price and the size of this sweet little hub, I wasn't sure it would live up to the hype.  Well, I am pleased to say I was VERY wrong!  Plugged it in, tested all the ports and sd card ports and it worked like a charm.  Very well made and looks great too.  Did exactly what I wanted and what I needed.  Do NOT hesitate to purchase this little gem.  I recently purchased an Apple MacBook Air 2018 and this lets me do everything I want.  So many options now.

	
  I snatched this up on a good sale price.  I have an Amazon Fire 10 tablet that I wanted a way to connect a USB drive to, so this met the bill.  However, after getting fed up with Windows, I just bought a Macbook Pro, and of course, the only ports on this device are USB-C.  I remembered I bought this and decided to give it a try.  It works great for me.This device has all of the most common ports that most people use, including SD, Micro SD (if you lack an adapter), 3 USB 3.0 ports (for faster data transfer), and even an HDMI port, which was perfect for my Macbook Pro so that I could connect to a second display.The shell is metal, not plastic, and feels very much like the body of the MacBook.  It definitely feels like a high-quality hub that will hold up to be tossed in a laptop or tablet bag, dropped on the floor (clumsy moments) and still get the job done.  Because the ports are on the narrow side, and USB-C plugs can be oriented either way (there is no such thing as "upside down"), you can actually plug the hub in based on the orientation of the cables for your device.  For me, this means that because my HDMI cable for some reason only wants to orient itself with the wide end down, i can plug this hub in with the top of the device laying on my desk, and the HDMI cable doesn't fight trying to twist and turn back to its preferred orientation.Overall, this is a great hub!  It does lack some other common ports, but for most use cases, it's a perfect compact, rugged USB-C hub for devices needing USB 3.0 and SD ports.

	
  I originally bought a $79 version of this adapter made by a different company that got good reviews. However, the higher priced one wouldn't power all of my equipment. My Logitech keyboard would cut on and off throughout the day. This ~$25 adapter works great, so I bought 3 more. Two to keep at work and two more to keep at home. My computer is the 2019 16" MacBook Pro. Running two additional monitors, keyboard, scanner, printer, label printer and a X-Keys 80 key keyboard.

	
  When I bought my new Mac, the man at the store never mentioned needing an accessory for the computer- figured he should have since you NEED devices like this for the MacBook Pro. The apple extension and the ones at tech stores were way over priced compared to this one. I went ahead and got the 7-in-1 USB Hub and ya'll, I do not regret it. Its way cheaper than in store, and works just fine. I have a bag with my charger and just throw this guy in there too and its slim- so can't really complain about carrying extra stuff. Reads all my inputs just fine- no complaints from me! :)

	
  Wasn’t sure about a non-Apple device but thought I would give this a try.  I am using this on an iPad Pro 12.9” 2019 model.  This product works great!  Attached the device to the USB-C port on my iPad then attached an HDMI cable and a perfect picture flows through to the TV.  I then inserted a SD card with photos and they immediately popped up in my photo app on the iPad allowing me to select which pictures I wanted to import.  The data attached to the pictures also came through so the date the picture was taken is attached to the photo.  I also tried a USB card reader to import additional pictures that were on a different type of memory card and they came through flawlessly.  I really liked that this was plug and play with my iPad and I did not have to add any new apps or do anything else to get this to work, just plugged it into the USB-C port on my iPad Pro and it just worked.  I take a lot of pictures with a Nikon DSLR camera and although it has Bluetooth and WiFi for transferring pictures it is clunky and often difficult to get the pictures to transfer to my iPad to make them easy to share or edit.  Now I can just plug a memory card into this device and instantly get any pictures I want on my iPad to share.  I then plugged my iPhone into one of the USB ports and once I unlocked my iPhone and hit Trust all of the pictures on my iPhone came up to allow me to select ones I wanted to transfer to my iPad.  I will get a lot of use out of this.

	
  I would have liked a VGA port but I am old fashioned. It meets a basic need for an expansion of a very cheap, very good laptop with only 2 C connections, one for power and one for perhaps a USB and an video extension.The laptop was extremely cheap. It ran $99 over Christmas with a solid state 64 gb and windows 10.We added a 1 TB solid state drive. Brought the unit to around $200 plus tax.The unit is ideal for students.However, I hate the keyboard and the mouse pad on the unit. It is very irritating. So this hub meets a need. Even a wifi keyboard and mouse combination is less baggage and it the unit weighs almost nothing. It is a 12 inch machine. This hub is an ideal addition to that machine. And it works.WE added Ubuntu(Cinnamon Mint) which allowed us to turn off the offending pad. That made the keyboard a lot more comfortable to use. For us older people, windows 10 comes with too many complications and baggage. Apparently a lot of older users feel that way. We turned the additional drive into a ubuntu drive.They should have spent the money and added these features to the laptop. At that price it was affordable.The pad is designed wrong. That is what makes this hub valuable. You can also watch movies from the HDMI connection to a TV with this hub though I haven't got the programming right on that yet. It does not show the command menus on the additional unit. Think you have to have the laptop and the tv on the same display.Windows 7 did not have this baggage. Neither did the older laptops need a hub. Sometimes we need to fire the accountants that destroy the effectiveness of machines. This hub is a good solution for a really cheap laptop.

	
  Matches Macbook Pro space grey  Ports are compliant with USB 3  ultra quick transfers

	
  We ordered the product in early January 2020 and now it is mid May. It has been working flawless with MacBook Pro so far without a glitch. It is yet too early to tell the longevity at this point. Hope that high quality components were used in the production to make it long lasting.Got this unit to replace another brand that failed after using for a while, maybe about more than a year . That failed unit got a charging through port to the MacBook Pro and that charging port gets hot if I charge the MacBook Pro through it. Eventually, that charging port burnt out and even left a burnt mark on my table!Given that experience, I no longer want a dongle that can charge the computer as this scheme is simply not reliable. The unit ordered this time does not have this charge through function and it runs cool. This is great. When it runs cool, usually it means that it would last much longer.Advice to Mac owners: always charge your Mac using Apple stock charger. Aftermarket chargers are simply unreliable.

	
  My wife is a teacher and her school District eliminated all Windows based PCs after a big ransomware attack. She was issued an HP Chromebook to use in the classroom as her teacher computer. I got this USB C multiport adaptor for her to use as a docking station for the chromebook. With this hub, I was able to create a dual screen setup for her desk with 22 inch monitors. In addition to using the HDMI output on the hub for one of the monitors, the extra USB ports were useful for connecting up the multiple accessories such as the wireless keyboard & mouse, a printer, & a document camera. It works well and is much more productive than being limited to the small screen on the chromebook.

	
  After purchasing an (expensive) MacBook Pro required for school, I was disheartened to find that there are no ports on the computer aside from two USB-C ports and a headphone jack. The idea of having to purchase a converter for such an expensive computer made my stomach turn, however I am very satisfied with this converter! The metal finish looks very high quality and it matches my Space Grey MacBook! It fits easily in my book bag to carry to class with me. I've had no issues with any files or speed to transfer files. 10/10! No photo of the product needed- it looks just as it does in the picture.

	
  This rating is for the FlePow (Model UCN 3281) USB C Hub Multiport Adapter - 7 in 1 Portable Space Aluminum Dongle with 4K HDMI Output, 3 USB.  I waited a while before posting a review.  I've been fooled before, so had to make sure that this really worked with all my Apple and HDMI products.  For whatever reason, there are a lot of "proclaimed" Apple-compatible products out there that stop working after a few months.  However, this particular product is the "real-deal".  My MacBook Pro (with Four Thunderbolt 3 ports) is exceptionally touchy when it comes to peripherals.  I have non-Apple USB-C cables that refuse to work and same goes with USB-C hubs.  I bought this particular USB-C hub several months ago and have successfully used it to hook up to external drives, HDMI TV's, other standard USB devices such as the SuperDrive (for DVD's, which is normally the most difficult gear I have to be "recognized" via USB-C).  ALL OF THEM WORKED USING THIS DEVICE.  CAVEAT: when the 4K TV comes in, I'll re-test the HDMI, but given its my only USB-C hub that works with the Mac SuperDrive; do I really care?  Nah.  Why?  I lost count of how many cables and USB devices I've had to toss with my MacBook Pro, but this one is staying on the desk!

	
  I bought this for my daughter for her first year in college because I did not know what she would come across for data storage (SD micro SD) and connections needed (USB, HDMI) and if I wanted her to use it needed to be mobile.  All I can say is that my daughter has thanked me for the purchase because it has been useful in whys she didn't think of . For one example her and her dorm mates can play movies form her computer using the HDMI output to a nearby monitor and she and her friends can watch movies together.

	
  Here's the deal...  I have a Macbook and was looking for one of those hubs with two male plugs sticking out the side.  I figured it would be the best route to have it look solid against the side of the Mac.  But then I thought about it awhile and concluded that the two plugs would still put too much damaging torque into the sockets on the Mac.  I then started looking for a hub with a short cord ("tail").  Found this one!  It has all the sockets I will ever need, the color matches my Mac exactly.  And the best part is I know there is no chance it will damage the sockets on my Macbook.  I am very happy with this supplier also, as it arrived 2 days earlier than promised!

	
  I loved the quality of the materials overall. The device works perfectly and provide enough energy to plug a hard drive. When I connected to an external monitor my MacBook Pro changed to the discrete video card automatically, I don't know if this is a device feature or MacOS did that automatically.The ports are USB 3.0, so the speed is 5Gbps (Gigabit per second, ~625 Gigabyte per second). The only problem I found is it can't charge my iPad 2017 connected to it, I have to use my older dongle (usb-c  to usb-a) in order to charge the iPad.Me encanta la calidad de los materiales. El dispositivo funciona perfectamente y provee suficiente energía para conectar un disco duro. Cuendo lo conecto a un monitor externo mi MacBook Pro cambia a la tarjeta de video discreta automáticamente, no se si esto es una característica del dispositivo o MacOS lo hace automáticamente.Los puesrtos son USB 3.0, asi que la velocidad es de 5Gbps, unos 625 Gigabytes por segundo. El único problema que encontré es que no carga mi iPad 2017 al conectarlo, tengo que usar mi dongle antiguo (usb-c  a usb-a) para cargar el iPad.

	
  I received a new MacBook Air from my employer, and because it only has 2 USB-C ports, I needed a hub to connect my keyboard, monitor & other devices. This one seemed to have a lot of good reviews and a very fair price, so I thought it worth a try. I'm glad I did! It's made extremely well and is much smaller than I expected, yet provides all the connections I need. It's good for home use, but I'll definitely travel with this when I'm able to do so again. I highly recommend this product. Good price and fast shipping too!

	
  I was impressed with the description of this Hub Pro, but still skeptical.  I've been fooled by other products in the past only to learn that they were made cheaply or didn't perform up to par.  NOT THE CASE HERE!  This Hub Pro is everything it claims to be and more.  I tested it extensively with SD & TF Cards and several of my flash drives from different manufacturers.  Fast as heck.  I couldn't find a weak spot in it's construction. A form fit plastic/paper box to carry or store it. My Galaxy 10 saw it and worked with it as if it was an internal drive. I'd recommend it to family or friend without hesitation. I'm most impressed with it's physical integrity.  Well built.  I'll have it and use it for A long time.

	
  I use this with an Apple Macbook Pro laptop, with two primary uses:1. For office use: Macbook supports multiple monitors, but only one per port. I have video adaper, and use this one to support a second monitor in a new office setup.2. Travel: this replaces several devices, including a memory card reader, support for additional USB ports, and for external monitors when they are available.What it won't work (at least I don't want to try): my power adapter also plugs into a USB-C on my Macbook. I could save a port by putting this device in-line, but reading reviews for comparable products, they are not designed to handle that amount of power going through them. I have not tried putting this device in-line, and do not intend to do so.I'm pleased with the quality, size and construction. I recommend it to others that need it for travel, or to support an additional external monitor on a Macbook Pro.

	
  I bought a Mac Laptop, not realizing that it didn't have regular usb ports or sd card slots. It was a frustrating having to find a device that would work for both without finding a bunch of different devices. Somehow this item popped up and I figured I would give it a try. When you use it, make sure you hit eject before unplugging it. You can plug in regular 3usb drives  and also put an sd card in all at once. The cord isn't very long, I wish it was longer. But it's long enough that it can be out of the way. If I need another, I might buy this one again.

	
  This hub works great with my MacBook Pro. I have had this particular one since February and it continues to work reliably.  With working from home, it is getting much heavier use than I originally intended and it continues to hold up.I am regularly plugging flash drives in/out and I use the HDMI connector to plug to my external monitor with no problem.I actually used the SD card reader for the first time last week and it works well.  Great purchase. Very happy.

	
  This USB hub expands the number of slots for my Mac Book Pro from one to 6. It is thinner than most and has a sleek silver design. It fits great in my computer sleeve. It has 3 USB 3.0 slots, 1 HDMI, 1 SD card slot and 1 micro SD slot. The description states it is a 7 in one USB and I think they count the USB C end that plugs into my computer as the 7th part. I haven't used all slots at the same time but I have used them all separately and they work just fine.

	
  I ordered this to use with my MacPro 2019. The product was delivered on time and the price was reasonable; actually, a steal when compared to other similar products.The product is truly plug-n-play. I did not have to do anything to get it to work. Just plug it in and start using it. I used the USB ports, SD port, and the HDMI port. All of them worked well and the speed was adequate, that is, I did not notice any sluggishness. Finally, it is lightweight and compact which makes it easy to carry.Highly recommend this product!

	
  Compact and slim hub with a lot of useful ports. The unit has a solid feel and build to it, and performs as it should, without getting too hot.All 3 USB 3.0 ports are spaced out nicely to allow for the connection of a wide variety of USB devices, for reading/writing capabilities or for other connected peripherals like the mouse and keyboard. HDMI works immediately and flawlessly. The hub also removes the need to unplug and replug all my devices regularly, as I can just leave it connected to the hub and plug it back in whenever I need to use them.I've plugged in several USB devices, used both the SD card slots, and the HDMI port all at once without any issues for an extended period of time. I did not notice any lag, nor did any connections drop while using the hub. It has every port I need and all of them work without any issues at all whatsoever. The price is very reasonable for everything you are receiving in this little package. The hub is light and compact, so it's easy to carry when traveling with your computer and other electronics as well.Works great on both my MacBook Pro and my iPad Pro as well! It is very easy to use and no additional drivers are needed, just plug it in and you can start using it instantly. It solved my problems of not having enough ports on some of my devices. I would definitely recommend it to anyone who needs extra ports for their USB C devices.

	
  I bought the MacBook Pro 18” display model and it only has 4 usb c ports. With the power using one port there are only 3. I needed some usb ports for a variety of things: wireless mouse transmitter, external hard drives, thumb drives, etc. Additionally, I needed a card reader, and hdmi port for 2nd monitor. This little gizmo had everything I needed and it’s small enough to toss in my computer bag when I am on the go.  I’ve had it for 4 months and it has worked like a dream.

	
  I purchased the USB C Hub Multiport Adapter several weeks ago. I wanted to put it "threw its paces" before submitting a review.  It has performed superbly with my MacBook PRO.  Its versatility is excellent.  With so many different connectors out there, this adapter saves me time and money.  Apple uses only the Type C port on the MAC.  This adapter makes it possible to use all of my existing accessories without purchasing individual adapters. Again, it has been a money and time saver since all of the hubs are in one convenient package.  Unlike some other adapter hubs I have used, this unit has been 100% reliable.  It was well worth purchasing.  I highly recommend it to you.

	
  My new MacBook 12-inch laptop has only a single shared port (which is the power port) to handle data, power, video output and accessories. Without the USB C Hub Multiport Adapter I would be unable to attach my photo card reader or my external DVD drive, both of which I use often.  For me this adapter is a lifesaver.  I like that it is durable and sturdy.  The connections fit,  hold, and I have never had a problem.  I recommend it if you need extra ports for your laptop.  I would buy it again.

	
  I secured this right on top of my MacBook Pro case.  I really love the convenience of having more than one flash drive as well as the various pig tails I need for other items without having to remove one thing to plug in something else. I’ve had it for several weeks with no problem. I don’t really know it’s there until I need to use it.

	
  I bought this to use with my work laptop for my home office. I have a number of devices connected to it that I did not want to plug and unplug each time I leave with it and I don’t have a docking station. This allowed me to connect everything to the hub so I have just one thing to unplug when I need to go.Everything works flawlessly without issue. Even my monitor connects which through the hdmi port.It’s very slim and takes up very little space.  I’m very happy with my purchase

	
  I was amazed by how compact and versatile this power unit is.  You can plug everything into it.  It has the newer, smaller plug on the end that fits into a laptop or a phone, so I also ordered an adapter that enables me to plug into an older desktop computer.  I am running an external hard drive through it and also a thumb drive.  There is room for a wireless mouse and keyboard.  It does other things that I may need eventually, but for now, it is meeting my needs completely!

	
  Maybe dumb but I didn't even notice the new macbooks didnt come with ports. When i realized i was annoyed but this purchase was a quick fix and exactly what we were looking for. So far i have only used it for the usb port for connecting a printer or wireless mouse but it seems to be exactly what we needed. Small and fits right into the laptop sleeve so we don't lose it.

	
  So I wasn’t sure how I was going to feel because I spent a lot of money on one of these multi-port adapter and I got a warranty for it but it did not have the SD port and I didn’t realize that, a plus about that one was that it instead of a little wire it actually completely attached to my Mac pro ‘16. Now that I have a case on my Mac pro this one is actually more beneficial even with the SD port because now with my case ok I can use this multi port. I have charged my iPhone through here and I’m not sure if I really care to use it to charge. It didn’t seem to charge as fast as it should have. All around this is a great product. I wish it would have offered a warranty.

	
  Love this little hub. I bought a MacBook Pro and it only has the new USB C port so nothing plugs into it!!! It has all of the ports that my HP notebook had plus card slots. With this device all of my peripheral devices work: the printer, the portable hard drives, the wireless keyboard, and even the portable disk drive.  It even has an HDMI port so I can use the TV as a monitor. Many of the USB C hubs do not have an HDMI port. I haven’t tried the card slots yet. It is small, sleek, and feels solid.

	
  I use this for my MacBook Pro. With my original mac adapter, I would have issues losing connection when connecting an addition device. I'd have to play around with connecting and disconnecting until I got the both recognized. I've never had that issue with this. Connections are fast, reliable and it's handy to have multiple adapters in one.

	
  Recently upgraded my laptop to a MacBook Air and still have a lot of older flash drives that are USB. This little gizmo has been a life saver for my micro sd cards as well as just charging my iphone. I love that it has an HDMI port as well, but I haven't used it yet as I tend to cast most of my stuff. Great product and great price

	
  Works well for most items, including hdmi monitor (which is essential). I have a really really old external hard drive. It’s 1Tb and requires all the additional power from the device, and so I’d advise a separate usb c connection for those devices. The wireless keyboard and mouse work well. If the distance is too far from the devices, then my MacBook Pro doesn’t like them, but that’s a software issue, I think.I’m happy that I bought this hub. It works as a docking station for me!

	
  The trend toward limited ports on new laptops in favor of type-C ports makes the use of hubs practically mandatory.  This little hub works well, and is quite portable.  In fact, get two of them: one for home with all sorts of stuff plugged in: a USB3.0 hub, HDMI video display, full-size keyboard , mouse, and whatever, and one to keep in your travel case for on-the-road use.  With a second power supply, all you need to do is unplug/plugin two cables when you travel.

	
  I have bought a 1/2 dozen different styles of hubs similar to this over the years including some very expensive ones and they all technically worked, but with varying degrees of trade off pain. This is the best light weight, easy to store hub I will continue to use because it’s so easy to skip along side my pad pro 12.9 in a slim sleeve style carry case.

	
  This product is a must have for anyone with the need for a USB port, card reader, or hdmi port on your computer. When I got my new MBP I didn’t want to spend the money for the Apple d’ongle but I did out of loyalty. It didn’t work out of the box and the next 2 didn’t either. Enough of that! Once I tried this one i was satisfied because it works and it’s perfect. I have now purchased multiple ones for our office. None of them have failed me yet.

	
  This item works perfectly with the macbook pro; it is one of the best things you can buy. It attaches directly to my mac and then, I am able to attach many other items to the adapter itself. I don't like how the laptop has these ports because it doesn't work for any flash drives or SD cards, so I can only do this via the adapter. I like how small it is because there are many bulky options that are inconvenient to add onto you laptop whenever needed. In addition, I love that this uses one port in the laptop leaving the other 3 open for the charger etc. It doesn't run my battery like crazy and I think that you will be pleased with your purchase !

	
  i ordered this product to be able to take my work laptop with me wherever i go and be able to use a tv as another screen for work purposes. It worked flawlessly on my laptop.Then i tried to see if dex would work with my galaxy s10+ and as others reviewers mentioned it did not work initially. BUT afterbsome research i figured I would try to give one of the usb ports power so i attached a usb-male to usbC-female adaptor to the hub and then used a fast charger usb c cable on the hub and then dex and the screen share options were available to use

	
  I've been very satisfied with this product. It works with my MacBook Pro and I'm finally able to transfer photos from my Nikon to my Mac (by inserting the SD card reader). I love that the multiple ports allow me to easily manage and transfer files from several locations. Another bonus for me is that because it has a short cord for plug in, I am able to use this adapter without having to remove my computer case. Some others I looked at were flush with the side of the laptop and did not work if you also had a computer case.  I've owned for about 2 months now with no problems.

	
  The product is amazing, it works perfectly for people who have a Microsoft go or pro because the usb component is not included in those type of computers/tablets.I highly recommend buying this product...it’s small and very easy to carry anywhere.You can use it to stream movies, music or anything that interest you. It’s as simple as connecting any device that uses usb-c as an option and than from there simply connect an hdmi to your tv screen and boom! It on the big screen.I have a Microsoft go and it didn’t come with a mouse soo...I had to use one that works with batteries and a usb chip but the Microsoft go only have a usb-c port and not usb. This product save the day allowing me to do so much more with my Microsoft go.

	
  This is a great value for money and has been working for me without any issues.I create videos through my camera that are then stored on an SD card. The contents of the SD card are then transferred to my Mac using this USB hub.I am also able to connect my Mac to my 60 inch TV using the HDMI port of the hub in case I need to play videos on the big screen.This hub is also highly portable and easily fits in my pocket.

	
  This is the second USB C Hub Multiport Adapter I have bought for my Macbook Pro.  The first one was from a different company and didnt last two months.  I bought this one back in December and love it.  I travel a lot for work and use this adapter on a daily basis.  I have used every port on this thing multiple times and it hasnt let me down once.  the transfer time from external hard drive to my computer is fast through the unit and I would highly recomend it to any for professional use or home use.  Well worth the money.

	
  I bought this to use with my Google Pixelbook Go and it works like a charm. It has a good amount of ports and the aluminum feels premium to the touch. It is lightweight and easy to use which works great for me as I often travel with my pixelbook on most days. Also has a useful light that turns on letting you know the device is working properly. Would definitely recommend.

	
  For ~$24 I wasn't expecting much out of this thing compared to some of the other HUBS on here being +$50, but I am pleasantly surprised. Its actually made of metal, THAT MATCHES MY MacBook Pro really well, plenty of options on it for almost anything you need out of a hub, and very small size. I wish it had an ethernet port, and another USB-C port to replace the one it is using, but for $24 I have everything I need for now. Love it.

	
  I am frustrated with Apple making the Mac Air with just two "C" cable connections.  When I first purchased my latest  Mac Air I also purchased one single dongle, because the multi ones were very high in price.  Then here comes this affordable multipart adaptor.  A life saver and it is always in my tech bag when I travel.  Much appreciated.

	
  I actually bought this so I would be able to attach my printer's USB to my new Google Pixelbook. However, this wasn't possible because I have an older printer and the appropriate drives were not available on the Pixelbook. However, I have been able to use it for multiple other things like charging power banks, charging my FitBit, charging wireless headphones, etc. So worth the money. I ended up having to buy a new wireless printer, but that's another story!

	
  I've had others like this, but they were bigger, and actually had fewer ports. I lost the last one I had, but this item was cheap enough that I could buy it for literally 1/3 of its cost at Best Buy. I have one for my office, and one I carry in my bag. Now I'll never have to worry about being without one for my Macbook Pro.

	
  Highly recommend this product for anyone who is looking for an all in one product.While the shape is naturally a bit awkward for travel the device itself is very useful and if you have a bag that can store it it's well worth the purchase. It is made of metal which is a nice touch as most dongles are plastic and in addition to being so durable it has a light that indicates when its being used. Several USB A ports, an SD card slot, and an HDMI slot is really all you can ask for when it comes to a converter. While the mobility suffers a little due to shape its not much of a problem if you can fit it in a pocket, and the device itself works great so far. While there are individual dongles that might be faster or easier to use, If you're looking for an all in one hub this is it.

	
  I really liked the product because it did exactly what I needed it to do. Obviously, the USB C ports on the new Macbooks are great because it brings faster transfer speeds and gives the possibility for more I/O on a single Type C header; however, the choice to make USB C the ONLY connector on the Macbooks was a bit of an inconvenience for most people with Type A or Flash accessories, which is exactly where this product became useful. The build quality was solid and the cable in between the dongle and the type c connector was very robust and high quality. I felt that it was worth its price (even though it was more expensive than I thought any dongle would be). If the current one breaks, which I don't see happening any time at all really, then I would be happy to buy another one of these again.

	
  I bought this unit for when I bring home my work laptop and it's been great. I have it setup to work as a mini docking station, I simply move this single USB device from my personal laptop to my work computer to connect all of my home peripheral devices; key board, mouse, printer and best of all a second monitor. No more having to unplug and plug multiple cords. As an added bonus, it's given me 3 extra USB ports when plugged into my personal computer. I'm really happy with it.

	
  I’m a music producer and was upset to learn that despite the cost of a MacBook, Apple has not included a single USB Type A port on it. This adapter, however, was a relatively inexpensive fix for my problem (and added even more ports than most others’ in its price point)! I was really looking for a hub with at least 3 USB ports and this did that and more. The adapter itself has a nice stainless steel/metallic body and is very lightweight. It looks great with my space gray laptop (as it matches in color), and I haven’t run into any problems with it. Worth the $25!

	
  This adapter is one of the best out there! I had a different adapter that had the option to charge my laptop through the adapter. That was a terrible choice because the manual said in order to use even an external hard drive, you would need to plug in the laptop charger.This is light, fast, and portable. I transferred about 10 GBs of 4K video and it took a couple minutes. Not bad in my opinion.

	
  I sell computers for a living, and in my store, we sell equivalent items to this for 60+ dollars. This device functions exactly the same as those, at a fraction of the cost. It operates quickly and efficiently, allows simple operation of SD cards and USB devices, and allowed HDMI connections. I'm very pleased and would whole-heartedly suggest it.

	
  I bought this item so I could use a mouse & keyboard while also being connected to dual monitors with my Macbook. This product is lightweight and not at all bulky. The cord is long enough so that the ports aren't cluttered around the laptop but it is short enough so you don't end up with knots of cords. It is very small and easy to transport as it would probably fit in any laptop case. I haven't used the memory card slots yet but I know that I am happy to have them available and I won't need to buy another adapter. I think an underrated part of this product is the location of all the ports. The HDMI port being on the end and not amongst the USB ports is a small detail but a vital one. I could imagine it being a lot more disorganized had it been the other way around. All around great product.

	
  I was weary of unplugging zip drives so that I could plug in the printer cable all day long, so looked for this little accessory. It works perfectly, and now can use multiple thumb drives and the printer at the same time, in our new work from home world.

	
  I purchased this adapter for my new work Mac Book Pro after misplacing the one my work gave me.  This one was far cheaper than the Apple version and works perfectly for hooking up my phone to download picks and connecting to my TV.  Great price and a great product.

	
  Good quality metal housing. 3 USB 3.0s, HDMI, SD & TF cards. I wish it had the USB-C charger port, but there are 3 other ports on my Macbook for that.UPDATE 2020: Had to stop using this because it was shorting out my Wifi. Not sure if it's due to the dongle not being shielded properly or if it's Apple's fault, but I have 2 other dongle from different manufacturers that do work.

	
  With the rapidly changing plugs and connectors, it's great to find one that works with the latest USB C ports.  This hub offers a number of commonly used ports, including HDMI and standard USB.  I found it perfect for my new Mac laptop which only has 2 USB-C ports.  I highly recommend this hub.  Great value and a great device.

	
  Bought this adapter so I could plug a few USB peripherals into my personal MacBook Pro when I'm at home (an external keyboard and a MIDI controller). Works great as a USB hub and the HDMI out port sends a clear signal to my second monitor. My wife ended up buying one as well so she could work from home more easily during COVID since her work laptop is also a MacBook Pro. Both units work as advertised and they're much cheaper than getting something from our local Best Buy (and certainly cheaper than anything we'd get at the Apple Store).

	
  I’ve been using this adapter for a few months now and it’s very convenient and easy to use. The slight problem is probably just the adapter being on the left side of the laptop rather than the right where most people would usually use their mouse. I have to continuously keep my mouse as close to the side of the laptop as possible or in front in order for the wireless connection to stay stable. I don’t blame the creator of the adapter for this problem though. Just slightly poor design on Apple’s side but it’s not serious.

	
  Great little device with many alternate type ports. Seems well made. I am using this Hub since my MacBook Air only has 2 ports and a very small internal drive. I use a 4TB External drive to hold my iTunes movie collections and there is no viewing lag with this Hub. I also use a number of Flash Drives to transfer tiles from my Desktop iMac.

	
  Bought this for a new MacBook Pro as the computer only has 2 USB-C ports. We use this hub daily, and it has been flawless. It transfers power to devices that need a charge, allows me to connect an external drive, and provides the means for me to pull data off my dashcam’s SD card. All at once! The color even matches the MacBook.

	
  Great! Needed an adapter for my laptop to connect USB cords and HDMI cord. Good size, nice and light. I had used another brand previously and it affected my wifi connection for some reason - this one does not! I've had it for a couple months now and no problems.

	
  I purchased this to use with my new macbook and my canon camera.  I love photography and decided i needed a way to download my pictures from the sd car to a hard drive so i purchased this.  BOY was that a mistake.  It feels cheap, i keep having to take  my sd card out and put it back in to be recognized...

	
  This is exactly what I needed! Since my MacBook Pro didn’t come with these particular ports this device is perfect for my needs. It’s super compact and fits perfectly in my laptop bag. Doesn’t take up a lot of space. Works great for when Im uploading photos or needing to print something. I highly recommend this hub!!

	
  Just got a Surface Pro and needed to be able to connect external peripherals and an HDMI monitor.  This USB C Hub  dongle worked perfectly and was an easy plug and play.  No hassles.  No troubles.  I'd highly recommend this to others.

	
  Plugged into my MacBook Pro seamlessly (new MacBooks do not have any ports!), external drives showed up and connected without issue. Excellent substitution for replacing the cables to my external drives and considerably cheaper too.

	
  I am totally impressed by the sleek design and durability of this adapter the most! It has a space gray metal casing that perfectly goes with my MacBook! And of course, it does everything I need it to. With VDI, USB, SD and Micro SD card slots it's perfect for my travel needs and even at my home workstation. I have been using it for more than 3 months now, and no complaints so far. I wish it has a LAN option too, but hey, we live in the WiFi world and I would not mind getting an USB adapter for that if needed given that it has 3 USB slots! I would recommend this product for all travelers who like simple yet classic accessories to fit in their already crowded bag.

	
  A great product in a very nice looking package.  Does what it is supposed the do and takes up very little room.  Really like the feel of the finish and the how neatly it is organized.  Works great with macbook.  Fast connection and plenty of ways to connect.

	
  Extremely useful product. It makes so much easier to use my computer. For this price it is excellent quality. There is not that many options on this USB-Hub especially for this price. However this one is much more cheaper and has triple USP ports and all parts works very well. It fits perfectly to my Mac. It is powerful and fast. I recommend this product.

	
  This USB C Hub works just as described. I tested each port on the hub and they all seemed to work properly (which is something I'm always concerned about with hubs). The hub also has a nice weight and feel to it. It feels robust and sturdy in my hands. Overall its a great product.

	
  I bought this adapter for my wife to use on her MacBook since she only has one port.  I do wish there was still a way to charge the laptop while this is plugged in; however, I thought it worked ok. We have some issues with transferring video through the HDMI output slot.  Currently only the sound is transferred and we do not get any video. Not sure what else can be done, or if anyone else experienced these issues. Something to be aware of.Update: Their customer service was extremely helpful and will be sending a replacement hub. One of the more convenient customer service experiences I have had.

	
  Product is GREAT and provides a Super Awesome portable connection to my HD dual display from my MS Surfacebook 3. What is most surprising is the bandwidth through this adapter while 4K was running I was able to transfer a vast amount of data between drives.

	
  I was very pleasantly surprised by this multiport adapter! It has an actual metal unibody design which gives it a nice weight and feel. I was just expecting a plastic outer casing. The adapter works great for connecting our Macbook Air to our TV (the initial reason why we purchased it) but it's nice to have all the other ports since the Air only has two USB-C ports. Also, from the image on Amazon, I was expecting it to be a lot larger than it actually is. It's way more compact than expected and great for storing it when not in use.

	
  Perfect gadget to keep all my devices in sync. Technology now seems to be adapting the type C connection which is perfect my needs. The cables are sturdy flexible plastic bandage connection seems very fast. I will definitely recommend.

	
  So far, so good.  I use this to connect all my desktop peripherals as a docking station.  I have a MacBook Pro with External SSD for off-loading all my video.  I can edit right from the SSD (through the Multiport Adapter.  So far it's not let me down.

	
  I bought this because I needed an HDMI as well as USB ports for my new MacBook Pro. I am 110% pleased with this product. It works great! I am able to plug multiple items into my computer using this product, and it stays plugged in and works seamlessly. Programs continue to function and run smoothly, and I'm able to access all of my files quickly as well. I would definitely recommend this to anyone needing USB or HDMI ports for their laptop. 🙌🏼

	
  This multi port adapter has been super useful.  It's easy to use and take along with me while traveling.  Works perfectly with my Apple Laptop.  Well made and shipping was super fast. Great product, great price.

	
  I was able to use with my MacBook Pro to plug in a HDMI to my 75 inch TV. Great for working from home while also being able to plug in other things such as my Apple Watch and iPhone. I also had enough room for a mouse and keyboard.

	
  I used this USB product to connect to my Mac so I could use my older products such as photo disks and USBs. . It works well, though it is one more thing to keep up with! I couldn't access my old material without it, though, so I'm grateful to have it.

	
  There isn't a whole lot to say about this. I've been working from home and wanted something to act as a lightweight docking station. I use this with my work issued Dell laptop to output to an external monitor, and I use the USB ports for my headset, mouse, and keyboard. It works perfect every time and I have absolutely no complaints.

	
  I was able to plug in an external usb flash drive and it worked well with file transferring. I also used a usb to connect a wireless mouse and it worked as well. The only thing is that, I wish the ones that connects directly to the iPad without the wire are more affordable like this. The wire makes moving my iPad around slightly uncomfortable, but it is not unbearable.

	
  This hub port has many adapter options and doesn't take up much room at all. The extension cord on it keeps you from blocking other ports on your device. It's been so good that we've purchased more of them.The only thing I'd ask for that this hub doesn't have is a lightning port...then it would be perfection.

	
  With the current generation of MacBook Pros being limited to USB-C ports, even buying additional cables can be a pain. With this one dongle I can still use USB-A and SD card slots, which are most important to my day to day use. Have had this dongle for a few months and have not experienced any issues. Computer finds it every time and can always connect to whatever peripheral I connect to it. Only thing I would have liked to have seen would be one USB-C port just because I do have devices that use it. But when I need to I can simply connect those to the other ports on the laptop.

	
  I bought this to use with a new, 16” MacBook Pro.  Everything works, and the data transfer is faster than I expected.  I’d say it’s a must have, for any computer with only USB C ports.

	
  I've been quite happy with this USB C hub. It enables me to access the 2 hard drives I use to store photographs, which is helpful when using Lightroom. It is a quality product, with a sleek design and matte finish. I purchased an iPad mini after I got the hub, and my only wish is that it included a Thunderbolt port. I would definitely purchase from this seller again!

	
  I do enjoy this hub and it has worked well for school and doing research at the university. The only issue I have found is that sometimes my HDMI cord will connect/disconnect if I move it around too much. Hasn't been much of an issue but something to think about.

	
  Well made from quality materials with excellent performance. Easy to plug in to your laptop and the HDMI port is well made and allows for quick connecting. I highly recommend this product. If you travel with a laptop you need to buy one of these and put it in your computer bag. I love it...

	
  I bought this for my lenovo yoga 730 laptop. It works flawlessly even though my device isn't in the list of compatible devices. I guess this works on any laptop with a usb c port. Overall I'm happy with the product. I'll update if I find any issues.

	
  This is one great help to this old 92 year old! Purchased a new Mac and had some photos on an old Mac Pro ( 2005 model). With the help of this little Gem I was able to finally get those photos saved onto my new computer.

	
  Bought this item for my work desk to add a few more USB ports to my already limited desk hub. Product exterior was made of a quality metal which, alone, out does any plastic made hubs. The additional SD card slots, at first, seemed unnecessary but have gotten a fair share of use. I have not had any issues with this device since purchasing it several months ago. Wrote my name on it so if I ever get fired, I can claim it was mine. Not going to say i love it, as it is just a hub and that would make our relationship awkward. It does its job and that is all i can ask for.

	
  Works perfectly! Sturdy and reliable. I use it to output 1080p HDMI and for all three USB 3.0 ports, as well as the SD reader, and I've had no problems in months of use.

	
  Works and it's exactly as a need, as a college student you really don't need anything else, this one perfect. its light, looks great(matches the space grey mac color perfectly),am super satisfied, and wasn't crazy expensive like a lot of other ones.

	
  I just got a new (November 2019) MacBook Pro which only has the USB Type C plugs and got this to help me make the transition. It's small, lightweight and has all the ports I need. I've used it to transfer old files from external drives and to test a keyboard and external drive—it's done everything without any issues, it feels like this is just part of my computer. The best part is that it's small enough to fit in my laptop's carry case. I'm a real person writing this and I don't often rite product reviews.

	
  Nothing bad to say really.  If I wanted to have a con it would like be I would want it to be a little more studier of an attachment, but that is really a needle in the haystack "complaint."  I purchased this adapter to accompany my newly purchase MacBook Pro 13 Touch (2020).  Because I still use flash-drives and at times review pics from an SD card, this is more than enough for the intended use I need it for.

	
  This multiport adapter was exactly what I needed for my new MacBook Pro. I have a number of USB 2 peripherals and transfer photos and video via SD cards, so I needed a hub that could handle all that. This hub handles all that and more. Also, the HDMI port is handy for using my large external display. I love that it has all these accessories with a small form factor and an affordable price. All the ports fit the cables and cards just right. This is exactly what I wanted.

	
  I was very pleasantly surprised with this USB Type C Hub. To be honest, I wasn't thinking much of it but for $20 it's a really good bargain. I have not yet seen a USB Type C hub with an hdmi port. For me, this is what makes this hub a must-have! The build material is also excellent as its made of metal so this hub does have a premium feel for it.

	
  In purchasing a new laptop for personal use, I came across the need for a solution to port video and external USB accessories (keyboard, mouse. etc.) to it.  Nothing fancy, mind you -- just something that would not require more cables and UBS ports than the new computer itself had.This adapter works with my HP 5" laptop USB-C .  Only issue is that I needed to set the video output default to look first to the USB-C port.  Once I did that, it comes up every time.  No issue whatsoever with video playback quality or other peripheral performance

	
  I bought this to replace a different brand that had a faulty HDMI port.  This works great, and I love how small it is.  Has all of the right ports.  It doesn't get that hot.  Will update if it poops out, but after 2 months it is working fine.

	
  The hub works just as I expected-- no hiccups, no surprises when it comes to the ports. What surprised me the most were the build quality and the weight. It has an aluminum finish that pretty much exactly matches my MacBook. A passerby would just assume that it came with the laptop from the factory. Also very lightweight and portable, big plus since I'm often traveling with my machine and need all the necessary adapters for work.

	
  Great product, works as expected and high quality material. Very satisfied with the purchase!Update: it’s been weeks since I’ve done this review and still have not received the free gift like they promised. Just a heads up if you were looking forward to it like me.

	
  If you're looking for a small, well made hub that matches your space gray MacBook Pro - this is it. While I'd rather use no hub at all, sometimes there is no way around it. This one looks like a natural extension of my laptop and so far, it's working as advertised.

	
  I recently got the new MacBook Pro (16-inch, 2019)...which only has the USB-C ports.  So I wanted an all-in-one adapter that allowed me to plug all my stuff into it.  I really like this adapter.  All the ports work perfectly...and of course, I was very happy with the price.  It's also very compact and takes up little space in my backpack.  I looked at a lot of options and landed on this one.  I'm very happy with it after consistantly using it for a month now.

	
  Works perfectly fine. I recommend this item. Buy it! It’s totally worth it. And you also won’t have any problems like with other multiports that the case won’t let them attach properly

	
  I use this to stretch my external monitor and keyboard/mouse to my laptop, works great. I can unplug the USB C and switch between personal and work computers easily.

	
  Great having a multi-port adapter with USB-C connector for my HP Spectre.  It easily handles SD Cards and all various USB cables as well as HDMI.  It eliminates the need for me to carry multiple dongles.

	
  This is a great gadget to have in your bag for the new MacBooks. It allows me to connect everything I need to my computer. Small and easy to carry.

	
  works with Surface laptop 3 after plug in. No additional drivers needed. good quality. The cable is a bit short for my setup, where I put the laptop under the desk and would like to put the dock on the desk. But understand for travellers or others who just leave the laptop on the desk, shorter cable is preferred. If technically feasible, suggestions may be to include an type-c extension cable, about 1 ft. that would be perfect.

	
  Everything works great. Also able to bus power from an Android USB c phone port and view files from USB key. Awesome. So far I've run up to three midi devices from the USB A ports at once while producing music and it hasn't shown any issues powering or conveying info.

	
  So I bought this for my MacBook cause I didn't want to spend the money for the apple equivalent and this is just as good and better cause has more ports and applications. I am very happy with my purchase and any friends that ask me about it I always tell them

	
  I got a new mac pro laptop 16" and magic mouse 2 but needed the adapter to activate my mouse. Its a perfect hub to coordinate the usb, apple c-hub and also has an hdmi, and card slots as well for a great price

	
  This USB C hub Multiport adapter - 7 in 1 Portable device is fantastic! We recently purchased a new MacBook. And there is no ports other than the thunderbolt 3/ USB-C ports. This device allows for SO much adaptability. I can now put my SD camera card ditectly to my computer, and use flash drives to store info! Lightweight and portable, fits in pocket.  A MUST HAVE for anyone doing computer work across multiple platforms. Highly recommend!

	
  Really great product to connect a 2019 Macbook Air laptop that my wife uses for work to an HP monitor. Would definitely buy another set in the future if I need it.

	
  This little bugger lets me hook up anything to my Pro, and I am able to down load to SD cards to play in my auto. Price is great is on point, it does not feel cheap!

	
  I like that this is compatible with the Surface Go. You can use an SD card and a micro SD. The multiple ports are useful especially because we use an external USB mouse.

	
  Purchased a Microsoft Surface GO and the only port is an USB-C connection.  This adapter does the trick, it gives one all the connections you could ask for.  The USB connection worked great for a wireless keyboard/mouse combo.  I would highly recommend this adapter.

	
  It worked well with most of my electronics however I ended up having to buy a different brand because this is not compatible with keyboards.The five stars are due to their excellent customer service.

	
  Awesome product! I’ve had this adapter port for over a month and it still works great. The multiple USB ports is really helpful when I need to charge my phone and want to plug in a mouse or an extra speaker. The compact size is great for travel, and I appreciate the added HDMI port! I use an Apple MacBook Air and the laptop only has USB-C ports and a headphone port. This adapter port makes it easy to use all of my devices together. Highly recommended

	
  I own a MacBook Pro 2016 (without the touchpad) and I needed to connect my USB-C port to an HDMI Adapter cord. A colleague recommended ordering the cheaper adapters from Amazon instead of purchasing the Apple product which was $68. I decided to purchase this and it worked. I presented today and there were no issues.

	
  Fast shipping with Prime. I bought my wife a new MacBook pro and didn't realize that it needed this adapter. I ordered it and it was on my doorstep in two days. Well with the money.

	
  It plugs into my computer and allows for other devices to interface with the system that require a standard USB port. The unit does exactly what I need it to do.

	
  This USB C Adapter is way better than I expected! All of the ports work! Not only is it very convenient, but it is very lightweight and thin so it is easy to bring along for traveling. A little plus that I did not even notice until it arrived was that the color of it matches the Space Gray of my macbook pro perfectly :) Yay for aesthetics haha. This is the perfect adapter for your macbook pro, highly recommend!!

	
  Great quality and works great with my Samsung Galaxy S9+. It activates the Samsung DeX application automatically.

	
  This is a great product. Plug and play.It give me so many options, considering my MacBook only has a couple of ports.I would highly recommend this Multiport adapter!

	
  I just received this product for my new Macbook Air. It matches the color of my laptop and is very stylish. I like that it has proper USP 3 ports and not 2.0 like some of the other ones have. I also like the micro sd card reader so I don't need an adapter any more. This is a much better deal then buying the original Apple adapters.

	
  Arrived quickly and exactly as described. It's VERY well constructed -- fells solid in your hand -- and is a great way to extend the functionality of my Mac Pro, which has only two usb-c ports. Easy to carry with the computer.

	
  I bought this adapter for its multipurpose use. I've only had it for a day but so far it has worked well. I used it with my late 2016 MacBook Pro to transfer photos from my iPad mini first generation. The adapter did not overheat, is lightweight and easily transferred the photos.

	
  Needed an adapter for my mac mini to add an HDMI display and SD card reader. Came with both plus 3 USB slots. Plugged it in and the HDMI came up immediately and the SD card reader worked great too. Excited to find this product and would buy another one if I need to fill a USB C port again.

	
  I like the ease of use and the freedom this provides me for my Surface Pro, which has limited connectivity without one of these hubs.

	
  This product does its job flawlessly. I initially had a usb-c adapter that required me to take off my laptop case, but with this design of having the short cable into the usb-c port, I no longer need to take off my case. As for the functionality, it is very easy to use, just plug and play. Definitely would recommend this product for anyone needing an adapter. I personally own a macbook pro, and it works amazing on my laptop.

	
  Great adapter. It has lots of ports and looks very nice on the desk. This one just doesn’t have an added USB-C port, but luckily I have another one on my laptop and I think they sell other ones that do.

	
  I have been using this product for over 4 months now and it has been working flawlessly. I use it to connect to USB peripherals and one HDMI monitor and even use it to switch between two Macbook pros, one personal and one for my work, and it all works perfectly. Highly recommend.

	
  Super easy to use. Data transfer is very fast and flawless with multiple plug-ins. Compact enough for easy storage while traveling.

	
  Fast shipping and works as expected. I was a little hesitant because of the price and because I’m new to Mac but I have no complaints.

	
  Havent had any issues with the product, works as advertised. All the ports work and most importantly to me, the HDMI works as it should.  Sleek and portable

	
  This has been a great accessory for my new MacBook. Excellent number and variation of plug-ins. No complaints.

	
  I am totally pleased with this multi-port hub. I have a large screen monitor plugged into the HDMI, as well as an eight-channel audio mixer and an external backup drive plugged into the USB ports. It handles everything flawlessly. I give five stars whenever a product does exactly what it is supposed to do and doesn't do anything it isn't supposed to do, and that describes this little device. I recommend it to you.

	
  This product does exactly what it says it will. It is not ugly or hard to use. It is also an incredibly boring product, but I did not need an exciting USB splitter, I needed normal ports on my MacBook Air, as Apple saw fit to provide basically no ports! Now I have many, thanks to this adequate product that I have given 5 stars because it is exactly as advertised.

	
  Serves it's purpose.  I have a hard case on my Surface Go.  The port is part of the Surface itself and not the keyboard.  There is not enough cable for the device to sit flat once connected if I'm working with my tablet at my preferred viewing angle.  Functionality is satisfactory.

	
  The USB C HUB has worked marvelous and continue to use it. It has become very useful for all needs that I may have. I recommend this purchase and vendor!

	
  It was helpful to transfer information from my usb flash drive to my apple computer.It has lots of interfaces, so we look forward to using it for many more items.

	
  Works great with my new MacBook Air. Gets the job done for half the price of other brands. Looks sleek, is light but  sturdy.

	
  Product works as described. Good quality. Portable. Has many ports. Use for HDMI and USB 3.0 ports daily. Great transfer speeds. Works for video editing from external drive.

	
  I needed a USB Hub for my Macbook Pro since it doesn't have any USB slots, and I spent hours trying to find a decent one. I decided on this one and it works as described. I've used it to transfer files to/from an external hard drive, and the transfer speed is great. The plug is a little big so you do have to push a little harder to insert it into the macbook, but overall, it works great.

	
  Absolutely love it, so useful with my tablet-laptop. Great quality, everything works perfect. Love the design of it too.

	
  It does what it's intended to do. I haven't used all the ports and haven't pushed it's data transfer capability, but it works for me.

	
  Perfect for my mac book! i love how I card charge my phone use my sd card and USB Drive all at the same time

	
  Previously bought a similar hub from a different brand that would only function with one port at a time. This one actually distributes the bus power properly and works great.

	
  Great for Mac computers with limited ports.  My wife and daughter carry it everywhere their macs go.Bought two.

	
  I was looking for an affordable multiport adapter for my MacBook Pro 16" and chose this because it has the ports I needed. I liked that it only takes up one USB C port on the laptop because I have a case. Build quality is solid and seems durable. It matches the space gray color of MacBooks. I use my older devices that connect by USB and they seem to work fine so far. SD card reader works great without problems. No complaints so far.

	
  Great hub for everything you can possibly need! Can't travel without this ever again!!

	
  I love this adapter! As a student, I use a lot of different technology devices on a daily basis, and this has been a lifesaver! The material is high quality with a sleek look. I can fit it in the side of the book bag, which is super convenient. It’s extremely lightweight.

	
  Very lightweight and slick looking. I wish it didn't have the text on the top, otherwise, it is perfect.

	
  This was actually a really good purchase, the dongle works well, is light, and also has all the ports that I need for my external stuff like my flash drives and sd cards! Also, the price is way better than the other dongles so this was a pretty good value by in my opinion so if your thinking about getting it I would recommend getting it.

	
  This is an excellent hub.  Very good build quality and I love the fact that it has 3 usb ports.

	
  Wish the HDMI was compatible through USB C although not all devices are updated to video output through USB type C where all models 2018 and newer offer the compatiblity.Pros. Great product plenty of optionsCons usb c to hdmi only works with newer models1star increased for customer service excellent!!👍

	
  It's very portable and does the job well. I don't have an ethernet port on my laptop and it allows me to plug in more USBs. Overall I'm pretty content with this product. Although I wish it was a different color, but that's just me.

	
  This items pairs perfectly with my new MacBook Pro -- it's lightweight, visually sleek and offers additional connections to all my devices that are no longer compatible with the usb c port. It's also reasonably priced. Highly recommend!

	
  I got it mainly because the new Mac Mini has only one HDMI Port and Two USB Ports. The Card Readers are a really nice Bonus! I just plugged in my small USB Card Reader into one of the additional USB Ports and was like, "wait, I don't even need this, dope"

	
  Using with Surface Pro 7.  HDMI immediately connected to an external monitor with no setup required.  Small size allows it to slip into my laptop bag.

	
  The USB C Hub Multiport Adaptor  - 7 in 1 works perfect. Small, lightweight and perfect for on the go needs. Works great on the HP computer I have. I recommend this product.

	
  The reason I wanted to buy a dock is that the one I had would not connect to iOS devices. I searched many such devices and nailed down to this one because Fakespot says the reviews are authentic. After I got it, I immediately tested and it connects well to my iOS devices. It is also a lot smaller than I thought. If it keeps working I would be very happy with the purchase.

	
  i've had this item for some months now, and i purposely waited to review this item to make sure i left an honest review, i am using on on my macbook air and i have to say that this is a great tool to have , to travel and to have in the office it allows me to do so many things that i normally was not able to do it, great price as well, highly recommend this item.

	
  The price is very competitive. Functions as expected; helped me replace a couple of individual adapters on travel, as it has most of what I need, thanks to its designer. Weighs less, so easy to carry.

	
  I Loved the product it offers so much for such little pricing. Overall a great purchase!

	
  I recently bought the new macbook air and this came in very handy. I had 2 external hard drives that I needed to connect from my old laptop that did not require USB-C to back up and restore my laptop. I initally thought it was going to slow down my computer since there are too many plugged in but it did not. An affordable great buy! Thank you for this. I highly recommend!

	
  Just received this item and tested it on my brand new Macbook Air 2019, works great! No delay in HDMI video, USBs and the SD card readers are fine. Didn't notice any heating. Lower price compared to the other brands. I recommend it to the buyers.

	
  This USBC is what I needed and I'm glad I bought it. I have it connected for having everything connected on one port. Works exactly what it says.

	
  Love this product so much better than any other I have purchased. The product is durable being able to handle multiple ports in use at once.  The quality and ease of having ports to accommodate USB, HDMI, and SD card at the same time is very useful.  I would recommend to anyone who needs extra ports, travel, or convenience.

	
  First the color Space aluminum it's perfect for my macbook pro  15" touch bar, I have a clear hard case on it, and still i can attach my 7 in 1 adapter with no problem. It feels well made, and the cable is very strong . excellent purchase.Cons: None

	
  This product is an all in one adapter that provides every type of plug in you will need.The price point for this is also amazing. You will definitely feel like you are getting your moneys worth. Also an added bonus that it is the same space metal grey as the apple laptops so it looks sleek.

	
  This is a great product, it works really well and it is sturdy. Great materials and looks great.

	
  This usb hub is made very well. The materials seem very durable and everything functions as it should. I’ve been using this with my MacBook Pro and have no complaints. Plug it in and it’s ready to go!

	
  So far it's worked perfectly with my new Mac. Great price too! I'd buy it again.

	
  I originally wanted to just get a USB-C to USB 3.0 adapter at Best Buy but as I was looking around, they looked unnecessarily expensive and I thought to myself "there must be a better option". After that I decided to peruse amazon and found my jack of all trades if you will. It has everything I need to get my work done. It's got 3 USB ports, HDMI, and SD card readers. I love it!

	
  I like things that do what they're supposed to do, which is why we buy them. This adapter allows my MacBook's 4 almost-useless USB-C ports to be converted into useful input ports, such as HDMI and standard USB. So far, it hasn't not worked, and my computer can now do the normal things it's supposed to do. I want to buy more things like this that work.

	
  I have used this adapter with my Macbook Pro. It works! Thank you

	
  My favorite thing about this product is easily the color. Super cute, just what I wanted. If we’re talking functionality, I guess that works too but I was really in it for the aesthetic. Overall very happy with my purchase!

	
  Very happy with my purchase. I got this as an accessory for my new MacBook Pro since it only has a USB-C connector and all my other devices have the regular USB cables. It's been easy to stash in my laptop case and so light I don't even realize it's there until I need it. It's super easy to use and has worked perfectly so far.

	
  So far, I've only used the product a few times and everything worked perfectly fine. Technically speaking everything seems on spot. The cable between the ports and the computer is longer than I expected it to be, which makes it a little clumsy if you're travelling but for home at a desk it's perfect. The item was also delivered on time. I'm satisfied!

	
  Works very well for my computer that requires usb c. Very useful.

	
  I saw a few that use both lightning ports which means you would have to run your power through it too. I prefer this one that only uses one lightning port. This little adapter is a great size.  You can easily throw this in your bag and take it with you. Love the SD card too!

	
  Perfect size. I’ve been using it for a couplemonths and it works great.

	
  I am very pleased with this purchase. I thought the quality was very good and it's really not expensive for the amount of ports it adds to my MacBook Air. I would 100% recommend this product for those that are looking for something portable, that you can take with you anywhere, and that allows for all of the typical laptop ports to exist in a MacBook.

	
  This was such a great buy!.... it’s perfect for traveling.  Product gives me extra USB’s when I’m working with all of my electronics.

	
  I received the product and it worked well for the first few days with no lag on either the wireless keyboard or mouse.  Recently, I have noticed a lag in both the wireless keyboard and mouse, but I am not sure it is related to the adapter or not.  The HDMI connection works great as well.  I will continue to use this and try to sort out the lag with the keyboard and mouse.

	
  This is an excellent little gadget, that's looks very techy and works perfectly.  I need to spend my USB ports and this one does it without sacrificing any USB as it used through the "C" type connector,  similar to what the newer cell phones are using.  It works great and very easy to plug n remove.

	
  This product is exactly what I needed. I haven't experienced any issues or complaints. I needed it because I need to attach multiple USB peripherals to my computer and it works perfectly. It's a little big, but it is as small as it can be and still function which is why it's difficult to carry around.

	
  I just upgraded from a MacBook Air to a MacBook Pro and needed something to plug in all of my other devices.  This FlePow USB Hub is just what I had in mind.  Was shipped quickly.  All good

	
  I bought this product to connect to my MacBook Pro. the quality of the product is great. It is very durable and connects well to both my laptop and printer. It is small enough that you can easily take it with you on the go. I highly recommend this product if you need to connect flash drives, memory cards, or your printer to your laptop.

	
  Works as expected.  Great quality at great price

	
  Seems like a good quality product. Good connectivity. Can now connect my older iPhone to my computer and can also connect some other devices with USB. Also able to connect my computer to my tv with the hdmi. I recommend this product highly

	
  I would recommend this product for it's quality, price and features. It's a must have for a new mac owner where the computer has only lightning ports. I have not had any issues with the product and I use it for my wireless mouse, keyboard and additional monitor plug-ins.

	
  This works pretty well. I keep it in my backpack and use it when travelling/work/at a friends house to play video feed from my phone on their screen or monitor with an hdmi cable.

	
  I think this will work Ok.  Time will tell.

	
  Great dongle! I had another dongle but it was bulky and cheap looking (it also didn't have an HDMI port), so I decided to get this one based on other reviews. It did not disappoint! It's really compact and light, so it won't be a bother to take it with me when I work away from my home or office. The quality of the materials is good too. I recommend it!

	
  We use this multiport adapter with our Chromebooks. It works perfect.

	
  This works great for my new USB-C MacBook Pro to be able to plug everything I was used to plugging into it!  Have used all of the various ports - including the HDMI & works great!

	
  I love how lightweight this item is. It is the perfect size and it makes getting pictures of my camera and onto my computer SO quick and easy! I HIGHLY recommend!!!!

	
  This computer accessory is a great tool, especially with the SD card reader to instantly upload photos. I will say it is a bit bulky, however it allows for so many different attachments and connections. I am very pleased and would recommend to a friend.

	
  So far, a very reliable purchase that just works, which is what I always look for in a product!

	
  I use this every day and like all the aspects, nice design. Only thing I have noticed is that every once in a while when my Surface Pro 7 goes to sleep the Multiport adapter is not recognized by the Windows 10. It requires reboot then able to recognize the Multiport device. I was impressed by the seller's customer service.

	
  Does everything it promises to do. I've had some slight connectivity issues with different ports at different times, but it's overall been a reliable addition to my desktop. The hub is much faster for transferring files from and SD or MicroSD card than any other options I have tried.

	
  I use this USB C Hub on my MacBook Air. It has worked for all its needs and has been essential due to the lack of ports on my MacBook Air. I mainly use the Hub for the USB ports, but I also have used the micro sd card port, and the HDMI port. This item is a must if you have a Mac without ports!!!

	
  Worked pretty well. It was, conveniently, smaller than I had expected it to be, yet has all the ports I could need. The only worry was when I tried to connect a USB-connected bluetooth wireless mouse - but only at first, because for some reason, after a few minutes, it worked perfectly fine! I recommend this thing.

	
  I had purchased an adapter several months ago for More money and was disappointed in the quality as the case broke within the first couple of uses and recently stopped working . This one is surprisingly great quality and I don’t see it falling apart easily in the next few weeks as the other one did. I’ll update if anything changes.

	
  Perfect for my new MacBook Air to transfer photos from an SD card.

	
  Works just as represented and looks great.

	
  It is great just plug in and go and very compact fits in the bag I have for my other cables and external hard drive. I haven't used the card reader yet but I also have a camera but the weather has been a little wonky so I haven't been out to take any new photos in a while. but as far as using the adapter for everything USB spot on!

	
  We have a new MacBook Pro and needed a USB C Hub to connect Zip drives, memory cards, and other USB-capable devices. This product works great and seems to be a workhorse, and it's also very small (easily fits in your pocket), which is great. Don't bother with the more expensive Apple-made/approveed USB C Hubs- this is less expensive and just as good.

	
  Does what it is supposed to.

	
  I needed an adapter to connect my Mac to an external monitor, and this product works perfectly. It is very durable and made of high-quality materials too (I've dropped it and banged it around a few times and it hasn't cracked or broken).

	
  After using it for a quite some time, I've found it to be very useful for my macbook pro. It's reliable and I have had no issue with the item. I would recommend that it be used in a level position to the computer.Since I raise my macbook when I use it, the usb hub dangles which bends the head after some time.

	
  I bought this item so I could access my USB thumb drive and external hard drive on my new MacBook Pro. It has all the adaptor ports I need and performs very quickly. Lightweight and easy to bring along, I would recommend this hub.

	
  I've had this item for weeks, and have loved every second of it. I use it very often between work, school, and the hdmi function for projection. I work with creating media content (music, videos, photos, etc) and having this hub device with not only USB ports but also SD slides it great for me! Would recommend.

	
  I got a new macbook for my birthday back in October along with an Amazon gift card. This was one of the first accessories that I used the gift card to purchase due it being relatively inexpensive and I have no regrets. It has worked perfectly with no issues and I am extremely satisfied with my purchase. 5 stars.

	
  I bought this on a whim as I have 2 portable external monitors that I travel with. While on a recent cruise, I tested this with my Samsung S10 and the TV in the cabin, this USB C Hub worked as a surrogate Samsung DeX station and I could not be any more impressed! Highly recommended!

	
  This allowed me to set up my new desktop to my laptop for two screens. I have a Surface book 2 that used the USBC port. I also love the fact that I can upload my pictures to my laptop through the Sd card holder.Also great for charging my PS4 controllers while I’m surfing the web/ doing homework!

	
  I got this for my daughter's Samsung book 2 and it works great.

	
  Performs amazing, I’ve not experienced any kind of noticeable lag when using it through my laptop.

	
  Useful, compact dongle. I was using this with my lap top with the USB-C port. Simple connection via HDMI to a monitor to stream from the lap top without an other device. Easy plug and play functionality with a Logitech keyboard to allow for typing And last but not least plug in a USB drive, SD, or Micro SD to view, upload or download photos.

	
  This usb is awesome. Easy to carry and specially the hdmi slot with 3 usb slots and also its great to use the memory card slots as well. Overall i am very satisfied with the usb hub which is easy to carry and handy. I recommend this to all my friends. Thank you

	
  I've tried this dongle for a few weeks daily and it definitely does the job! Highly recommended. USB 3.0 working great, microSD and SD card working okay.  Tried out HDMI even using as a plus a DVI to HDMI adapter and everything runs great. Nice option for price-quality

	
  Got it yesterday and upgraded to a new mac book pro today.  Used time machine and it went well.

	
  This product worked without any issue, was as simple as connecting the ports and connecting it to the laptop. Had tried another product with good reviews but that was causing trouble when multiple devices were connected ...loved this product !

	
  Came in quick, and it is exactly what I was looking for to connect my phone to my laptop.  Perfect size, not bulky and obnoxious.  I have had it only for a few weeks, no issues yet.  Great for traveling and fits in my laptop bag.

	
  Great adapter! It is very easy to use and it works great for connecting SD/microSD cards, USBs, and monitors via the HDMI output! Works great with my MacBook Pro and I highly recommend for anyone who needs more ports!

	
  It’s been a few months I have been using this product and I must say, it’s an awesome product. Amazing build quality. Does not heat up, I use this for 8-10 hours almost every day and so far my experience has been great.

	
  My husband uses with a MacBook and loves it.

	
  Great product l, amazing price, I went out of impulse and bought it in hopes it was good, and boy did I get lucky! It’s amazing, flexible, and matches the laptop, at this price point I couldn’t find one that matched!

	
  Haven't had the chance to test out the ssd and hdmi ports yet but everything else works fine and the build quality feels great.

	
  It works great for me! Using it with MacBook 2018!

	
  I love compact devices that are well made and perform flawlessly. This is one of them. Like having 3 USB ports + HDMI and others.

	
  Bought a laptop with no ports other than USB-C, worked as expected.

	
  As a student, I really needed this product and it does the job. I use it for presentations, connecting my mouse, and also transferring photos. Really impressed with the quality!

	
  I ordered this product since I recently purchased a new apple air laptop. I needed this product in order to have USB or HDMI hook-ups with my laptop. I have had no issues with compatibility. It has been beneficial for all of my uses! I would recommend this product for anybody needing a USB C multiport adapter.

	
  I went to best buy and they were selling similar items for $99.So happy to find this for much cheaper.So far so good.

	
  I bought this adapter to add a wireless keyboard to my MacBook Air and it really works great. I also added a wireless mouse because it has two USB ports.

	
  I've been using this product for more than a week now in a theatre show for projections. The HDMI port works great! The USB ports also work great for my USB light as well as charging my phone. And both SD slots work great for transferring video footage from our camera and my GoPro! Overall a great product!

	
  Works good with my laptop.

	
  Useful USB port extension hub. Works great on USB C on my HP laptop. The video quality through the HDMI extension is great. Well worth the cost

	
  I honestly like this product. It has perfect space between USB ports and the HDMI port is on the other side which makes it easy to plug in/plug out. The size is pretty compact and this dark grey color perfectly matches with my macbook pro. I would recommend this product.Thanks

	
  Very useful tool for the newest Macbook pro. It helps me to connect many devices at once and it works well.

	
  Works as expected. it would have been the best if it had ethernet port too.

	
  Small very good quality product

	
   All the inputs I need on one device, easy to use, easy to carry and match with my MacBook Pro.

	
  Bought this for my wife's Macbook Pro.It works great and even worked very well in the car during our long travels.No problems what so ever.

	
  Super easy and convenient to use! Have used it several times and have had no issues with it. Loads quick and has all the inputs I need!

	
  I’m using my 2019 iPad Pro as a laptop and this USB Adaptor works perfectly for my keyboard and mouse or if I’m uploading to my memory card. Well worth the money 👍🏼

	
  Just received. Nice construction. Very handy and good compatibility.

	
  Works like a charm! Connects my wife's macbook to our home monitor so she can work from home office. Connects audio, video, and multiple devices, including charging. Best hub I've found on amazon.

	
  Well made product, matches my Macbook Pro color perfectly. All ports work well, cords are great and the adapter is fairly light weight.

	
  This product came to the rescue as my MacBook Air had no port connections. Had a project coming up and I needed a connection to my Laptop for a USB port due to needing it for my external harddrive. Read reviews and it probably the best one I've searched for

	
  I had to get it for my new iMac Pro. It’s been great so far.

	
  Very useful and easy to carry.  Has strong material and is very durable.  No problems with it at all.  Has made it easy to integrate various USB devices, chargers, and HDMI cables all into a single Hub.  Uses thunderbolt communication for fast and reliable response times.

	
  This adapter does exactly what it is advertised to do. I use it to connect my laptop to my monitor, keyboard, mouse, and external hard drive (3 USB ports, 1 HDMI ports) and have not experienced any issues for the past 3 months. It is also portable, sturdy, and easy to set up.

	
  Does what’s  advertised

	
  This hub delivers all the necessary ports needed to hook up any cables. I've had it for about 3 months now and have not run into any problems. It's small and portable enough to store in my backpack and keep on my desk while studying. Highly recommend for the price!

	
  Product works as advertised.  Well built - doesn't feel flimsy.

	
  I purchased this product in Feb 2020 and I use it every day. I have no issues with it. I use it for my Mac Pro and attach an external screen, charge wireless mouse, charge my headphones. I have traveled with it too and it's compact.I would highly recommend this product.

	
  looks nice

	
  Slimmer and less bulky than competing products, thus doesn't take as much space in a laptop bag.

	
  For the price, you're getting something that's as good as what you'd pay 10x for through a name brand company!

	
  Great product. Durable. Perfect if you have a google chrome book.  Works great.

	
  The hub is perfect for what I need. I use it for my hdmi external monitor and my iPhone charger and usb drives.  Awesome.  Works great.

	
  This is a fantastic gadget to add to my bag. I have a Dell XPS 13 and it doesn't have any standard USB ports on it. This is small and lightweight enough to throw in my bag and have with me at all times. The HDMI port is an added plus.

	
  Good Device!

	
  I needed a USB C Hub with at least 3 ports and a HDMI Output for my Mac. This product exceeded my expectations with quality, also it has a lower price than USB C Hub's sold at Best Buy. I recommend it 100% for all Mac users.

	
  Loved the product...allows me to multi taskand I can connect it to my TV..

	
  Bought this 7 in 1 USB-C adaptor for my daughter. She has been using it in college for the two months, and she loves it.

	
  Ordered this for my new Mac computer.  It has ports, but I find them inconvenient.  This item has a long enough cord that I can plug it in and it rests nicely on my computer desk.  Has all the ports that I need. Been using it for a while now and no issues!

	
  bought it in Feb, still working perfectly.

	
  I like this item specially during my travel

	
  All of the connections functioned well, it has a compact design and the build quality is great! Recommended for anyone needing expanded USB 3.0 ports, SD card reader, or an HDMI port.

	
  It works for my usb drive and also mouse dongle, but it doesnt work with external hard drive I have. I think you need to get a converter for the external hard drive to plug them into USB c ports

	
  Love the sturdiness of the USB Type-C Hub. It comes with HDMI and 2 SD reader outputs which are helpful. It's not bulky, small and fits in small spaces, so good for traveling. One of the best things I liked is extra ports and a beautiful and clean design. And USB 3.0 slots make transfer easier.

	
  Just got a new PC but it only had two USB ports.  Someone mentioned this item and it's been a perfect addition.  I've currently expanded to use all three USB ports and occasionally use the micro-chip port. It's small and lays flat along side the PC.

	
  This product looks great and works like a charm. I wanted something that would have the same sleek look as my laptop while also not breaking the bank. Would definitely recommend this.

	
  Everything works perfectly. Would definitely recommend to buy if your computer does not support these functions.

	
  This is really easy to use and is great for streamlining multiple device/storage options.

	
  Very useful dongle. Used with HP Envy for extra USB ports plus MicroSD and SD card slots. HDMI port worked well. Plug N Play. Quality of product is exceptional for most purposes as described. Small and compact. Performance of product is as expected.

	
  I love this little device! It enables me to connect my Macbook air to a USB cords and HDMI. I can now connect my computer to a monitor, to a television, and to a printer.

	
  This USB device fits into my bag without taking up too much space.  It functions as designed and allows me to expand the USB/HDMI capabilities of my laptop.  1 USB to 4 and 1 HDMI to 2 HDMI.  Great value for the money!

	
  Handy device! Great product

	
  I bought this device to use it with my new MacBook and it s very useful due to the lack of USB 3.0 on the new MacBook and most of usb dongle or external hard drive need it , anyway very satisfied in quality and use . recommend to anyone who need it.

	
  Product came packaged simply. All of the ports seem to be working. It has a slim design and works well for what I need it for. Comes with three USB ports, a microSD port and a normal SD port. Also with one HDMI port. Good product, especially for the price.

	
  Works well with my 16" MacBook Pro. No issues.

	
  Works as described! I like how there are different sizes available in the device so you're able to hook up just about anything to transfer data!

	
  Easy to use, small and practical.

	
  I only have 2 lightning ports on my MacBook Pro. This helps so much and is a must for macbook users. I've tested out all ports and they work perfect and are immediately reognized. This 7 in 1 affordable option is a life saver

	
  It is very useful and has all the features I am looking for. There may be others with more features, more ports, but this suits me just fine. Priced right too. I use it everyday and it has served me very well. No problems at all. It arrived quickly.

	
  Recently purchased new MBP and realized needed a USBC adapter to access my external hardrive, after searching found this one and so far so good!

	
  This little device is easy to connect and use and does exactly what it is supposed to do.

	
  Made of quality materials. Easy plug & play compatibility. No driver issues. Perfect for device multitasking and home/office workstations.

	
  I bought this because my Dell XPS does not have an hdmi adapter for my monitor and it works very well. It is also very convenient because it is small and compact. I also use it to connect my mouse to my laptop. I highly recommend and really enjoy it

	
  Good product

	
  Works great w our new Mac

	
  This has been a great product so far. I carry it in my laptop bag and use it often.

	
  I really hate that the new macbooks don't have a USB just right on the computer, but oh well. This works perfectly and has quite a few hookups, so you can attach more than one drive at a time. It's held up really well.

	
  I was really surprised at how great this hub is. There are so many options I could of chosen from, but this hub provided the best quality as well as full compatibility with what I was looking for.

	
  Quality is very solid. It has 3 UBS 3.0 ports. I can have multiple USB sticks and micro SD card inserted while using the HDMI port (cable not included) to connect to a monitor. It's small and fits perfectly on my tech bag. Very convenient for quick data transfers.

	
  This hub works much better than the previous two I tried (speed/data transfer and overheating issues on previous items of different brands). I am totally satisfied and would buy it again.

	
  Was not crazy about macbook converting completely to c port for newer models, but love this hub. Having the hdmi port is a bonus as I'll facebook, zoom, stream info or shows to the tv sometimes....I would recommend it!

	
  This hub is very useful and I like how small it is. Also I love how there is a lot of USB port and how it works really well👍 I would really recommend this product and it comes really quickly too.

	
  Love it, HDMI works well with my monitor and the space grey color matches the laptop.

	
  No complaints from me, got it mainly for the hdmi port but have gotten use of the usb ports as well, been 3 months and it hasn't failed me yet, would recommend if you're travelling with your laptop often and need acces to multiple ports.

	
  If you're looking at this, and you just got a new MacBook and need adapters, get this one. It handles your HDMI to a monitor or TV, as well as your USBs and SD/Micro SD cards. Had mine for two months and no complaints.

	
  This USB hubs is great, it make thing so much easier to connect. This one took this to a whole new level and provided everything I can think to put into a single hub. You have USB ports, HDMI , SD/Micro SD Card Reader. That makes it ideal for a workstation.

	
  My husband travels a lot for work and has a laptop. It has been helpful for him having this to extend his ports to be able to plug everything he needs into the computer to get his job done. Makes working easier for him.

	
  I loved working perfectly great value.

	
  There never seems to be enough plug-ins on laptops so this hub saves the day.  Easy to carry and no issues syncing.  You can't go wrong.

	
  I was in the market for a USB C hub that had a good number of inputs as well as a good variety of ports (i.e. usb, HDMI, SD card etc). The product is great, it suits all my needs, the build quality feels solid. Highly recommended

	
  Adapter looks great and has the perfect number of slots. It has 3 USB slots, HDMI, SD Card, and Micro SD card. The finish on the adapter perfectly matches the "space gray" color on the Macbook Pro. Functionality is great!

	
  I bought this adapter to use with a new MacBook Pro. It arrived as expected and I like that it matches the laptop. I’ve used it since January and it works great!

	
  This adapter is perfect. I have been using it for my photo editing, and it exports just as smoothly as with my older laptop with the SD and USB ports. Made of sturdy metal--- NOT PLASTIC. LOVE THIS PRODUCT!

	
  The color matches well with my MacBook Pro.Functions perfectly.

	
  I have been use it for 1 month on my Mac Pro and monitor. I use the HDMI and two USB ports on daily basis. So far, it works perfectly. Plus, I like the simplicity in the design.

	
  I love this accessory to my laptop computer.  I can plug in my mouse, charger, and other connectors into one place. It makes using my computer easy.

	
  Only issue is the USB-C that connects the hub to the computer is too short.  I would prefer it to be about 6 inches longer.

	
  This was a great purchase! Matches my MacBook Air color perfectly and give me all of the ports I was lacking. Easy to pack away and travel with. Love that the HDMI is on the end and easy to plug in.

	
  The product works as advertised. I could use this with my Apple device very easily. All my USB devices worked without any hiccups including external HDD, card adapters. HDMI also worked fine.

	
  The USB hub works great! It has ports for everything I need for my photography. I can connect my external hard drive, SD card and more all at the same time! Works great! Exactly what I was looking for. Highly recommend!!!

	
  As I bought my first MacBook I missed the port variety after searching for an Adapter I ordered this hub and it has everything beside the Ethernet port which is not important for me at least not now

	
  Works great, as I thought and came earlier than expected. Bonus!

	
  I use this for my desktop, to add a third HDMI out to my setup, as well as all the other ports, since my laptop didn't come with an SD option.Works well and travels easily.

	
  I was a little scared about this product. Dont wanna be purchasing it and not work. To my surprise is very cool item to purchase and cheap. Stop spending so much for apple brand when this accessori works the same love it!

	
  Really Nice Product and simple carry and working fine with my Mac Pro. Thanks for great product

	
  This USB-C adapter is the perfect dongle. It's small, sleek, and has all the ports that I need to process data, give presentations, etc. I highly recommend purchasing this adapter, especially if you have a Macbook with only USB-C ports!

	
  This is a well built product that does exactly what it is supposed to. I would easily recommend this item or purchase again for a future device. Much more affordable than what Apple offers at twice the performance.

	
  I had a previous hub where my mac would intermittently fail to recognize external drives or iOS devices plugged into it. This one works very well. I can plug and unplug different external drives/devices without a problem.

	
  I've been using this for a couple of months now, it is of good quality, reliable and easy to take with me in my laptop bag.  I use it on a daily basis... I recommend it!

	
  So far, the product works great. It is nice to have 3 USB ports AND an HDMI port. This was one of the cheapest options that I could find for what I needed and I am not disappointed in what I got. Thank you for the great product!

	
  The device works immediately with my Intel NUC computer without installing any driver. It is a good tool to add addition USB ports and  I use it to add additional HDMI output for my second monitor and it works flawlessly.

	
  Really happy with this purchase. It is high quality, portable hub that makes connecting all my electronics a breeze while I travel. Thank you!

	
  The aluminum material makes it very strong and also help to dissipate the heat.  It looks sturdy and it matches my MacBook color (Space Gray).

	
  Great product. Saves me a lot of hassle trying to reach behind my iMac.

	
  I purchased it to charge my phone and be able to connect my printer. So far so good. I tried all ports except for the hdmi one and they all work very well. I'm very happy with the purchase + I got it at a very good price.

	
  Great USB port that is plug and play. The slim profile makes it very portable and the material feels very durable. Great buy for a good price.

	
  Many ports, sturdy, I use for my Apple Mac Book Pro.

	
  Excellent resource for my Mac Pro, made my life easy

	
  Wonderful product.  Definitely came in handy during my business trips. and just at the office.  My work laptop just didn't have enough ports.  This did the trick.

	
  The product performs as described. Highly recommend!

	
  Works great on my new MacBook Pro !

	
  With only a couple of USB ports on my Mac mini, I need some additional USB ports. This USB C Hub Multiport Adapter worked! Connects to your USB C port. No issues!

	
  Bought a laptop with minimal ports... which is what prompted me to purchase this. I use this daily as a hub for my sd card, wireless mouse/keyboard, and microphone. Works beautifully and it’s compact.

	
  Super slick design with all the ports that you will need. As a videographer I use this product on the daily and it has never failed me. I would 100% recommend purchasing this USB C HUB Multiport Adapter.

	
  I was skeptical about buying the new MacBook Air with the USB Type-C connectors, but with this Hub I have had no issues getting everything I want to connect.  Just plugged it in and it worked great!

	
  Works great, as advertised!

	
  Just used the USB-C adapter and it worked perfectly with ease! Plugged it in my HP Elitebook and worked great! IT is made very well also! I would recommend this product to anyone with an HP Elitebook.

	
  This product really helps me work as efficiently as possible.

	
  I like the sturdy construction.  The unit adds a lot extra USBs 3 ports, a couple of memory card readers, a HDMI slot.  It works great! I have owned it over a month and it has worked without any problems.

	
  Super fast shipping. Item just as described. Item looks and feels like it’s built to last.

	
  This adapter has everything you need. Works great! Nice and small to fit in any compartment or laptop case, you can take on the go very nicely.I have had no issues.

	
  Great performance, item works as described

	
  This hub covers it all!  The price was great and the size perfect.  I never have to worry about having compatible technology when presenting.

	
  So far we’ve had USB C HUB for 5 months and it’s working out perfectly. Works consistently and looks sleek while matching nicely with my MacBook Pro.

	
  I got a new MacBook Pro. there are no ports for my cricuit machine or photo cards. This is great. It's small enough to keep on the laptop if you want and carry it around.

	
  This product works great for the new MacBook pros as they no longer come with all these ports built into the laptop. This adapter makes for a very convenient hub for all of your cords that cannot be plugged into the laptop directly. Great product!

	
  I love this product. It is small and portable, connects to my Mac, is well built and feels like it will last years. It is also very affordable. I would recommend this to all with a Mac looking for a USB C adaptor.

	
  Good and portable

	
  This USB hub was perfectly compatible with mac pro. It compact but still provides me with all the ports I need on a day to day basis. I would 100% recommend this product!

	
  Item came fast and is better than what I expected. It is smaller and sturdier than I thought it would be. Can't wait to try it out!

	
  Perfect for throwing into my briefcase for on the go work with my Air. I wouldn't mind seeing either an other usc c port for daisy chaining and/or a network port but still strong for the cost.

	
  Easy to hook up and use!

	
  Have owned for about 2 months, so far so good. Much better than the cheaper alternative we had before which ruined our SD cards.

	
  No problems with this one.  Have had others that didn’t do so well.  Recommended!!

	
  Great adapter and works well. I have been using it since February and there has been no issues.

	
  This Hub adapter arrived on time, it was packaged well, made from high quality aluminum, and has done everything as advertised.  I'm highly recommend this product.

	
  The USB Type C connector and cable is sturdy.  The 3 USBs 3.0 are handy as is the SD Card input.  (I'm not sure what exactly the smaller one is).  it does everything I wanted to do.

	
  I needed to expand my ability to plug in features.  This made it extremely easy.++

	
  So far so good.

	
  an amazing hub, everything that you can ask for. super fast and usb c.  i have it plugged directly to the back of my comp and stuck under the desk for easy access.

	
  The quality of this adapter is perfect. Ideal for the majority of users who need the basics of the usb 3.0 and HDMI. Durable and color matches the space grey to a T. Cant beat this price.

	
  Works perfect.

	
  Super easy to use. Very small fits well into laptop bag and does the job perfectly.

	
  I own a Samsung tab s6. I use it as a storage beast. I plug in my 5TB hardrive and move my video right to it to save space.

	
  exactly what I needed to be able to do multiple tasks on my new mac!

	
  It's thin compared to most of the adapters I was eyeing. Yet is more than functional for what I am using it for.The best thing hands down is the 3 USB 3.0 ports!

	
  I needed a port to read SD cards. This one works great and has a permanent spot on my desk because it is a perfect size.

	
  Very satisfied with my device. I 'm considering a second unit to carry around with me. The delivery time exceeded my expectation. It was delivered as an express order without the extra charge.

	
  Portable easy to use and carry

	
  Perfect! Just what I was looking for

	
  The product I got is exactly what's specified and just what I need to make my laptop totally compatible. No issues here and readily recommend to anyone looking for a HDMI dongle with all the bells and whistles.

	
  This worked great to connect all my peripheral equipment to my laptop in my home office. Lightweight, easy to use, and reliable. I've had absolutely no issues with the product.

	
  I have used this adapter for more than 3 months and has not encountered any issues. It is small and get the job done. I have been using it to turn my laptop into a desktop. Highly recommended.

	
  Excellent product, very reliable, compact and convenient.

	
  I use this when delivering presentations at different locations. I never know what the connections will be, so I have this device that covers all types of connections!

	
  Perfect for my Mac works great!

	
  Just received the product and stuck my 2 USB 3.0 drives and an HDMI cable in it. Works seamlessly! The build quality also looks and feels really sturdy. Let's see how this functions over time.

	
  Really like that it has an HDMI port and extra USB ports.

	
  This was a gift for my friend he loved it

	
  Works great for Google book go.

	
  Loved the product. Very easy to use and has been a game winner when using my iPad Pro. Would definitely recommend it to anyone interested in a high quality product.

	
  this is awesome, I love that its compact and very useful.

	
  I liked this specific model over the ones you can snap directly onto your laptop. Having the extra length away from the laptop helped me to easily disconnect and move things around.

	
  Works great it is also good for traveling and has a nice feel to it, it is made of good quality and is light weight. Really recommend this product.

	
  This traveled with me to Italy from USA and it was light weight, easy to carry, and it did what I needed it to do. VERY PLEASED. Its even classy looking.  thank you

	
  Funciona muy bien

	
  The USB C HUB has plenty of ports for everything I need. There is an HDMI port and three USB ports, as well as an SD and microSD slot. I would definitely recommend buying this item.

	
  I like the fact that the product works and there are no problems with it. I was surprised at how nice it looks and it feels like it is made from expensive material. For the price, this is a great purchase.

	
  Just wanted to add a couple USB ports.  This hub does even more and is solidly put together. Just plugged into my HP laptop and it works!  Very happy with purchase.

	
  Works great have no issues

	
  Use this for my iPhone USB, speaker USB, and HDMI all in one. This is one of the most convenient adapter I've ever purchased and I bring it around with me everywhere.

	
  I'm very happy with this adapter. Solidly constructed with a metal casing that matches my MacBook Pro. Light and small enough for travel. Definitely recommended.

	
  So glad I purchased. Easy and convenient to use. Every helpful while I use my laptop for remote working. Would recommend and buy again.

	
  I like every part of this purchase. It's compact and also the material fits well with my MacBook.Data transfer speed is higher than I expected. Hope you all enjoy this item.

	
  The hub is very suitable for me since I travel a lot with my laptop everywhere. It's light weight easy to store and allows me to connect multiple things to my laptop.

	
  Good value for the price, providing the additional ports needed to work efficiently in the age of laptops with limited port plug-ins

	
  This is a great option if you travel or need a multiport for home. It is small and works well.

	
  Excelent Quality, easy to use, fine for traveling

	
  Really good quality, works well, I bought this for my HDMI and it works fantastic, great product!

	
  Great size, weight, and does exactly what you need  :)

	
  Love that we can stream shows or movies from our tablets to the TV in the camper conveniently!

	
  It works great with my new Mac Book Pro. Delivery was on time with no issues. Would definitely recommend this product.

	
  Plug and play, very easy to use with lots of ports and quite handy for every day use. It was definitely a good buy for my new MacBook Air!

	
  So far so good with this adapter. It's sleek and easy to transport. So far no problems at all.

	
  So far exactly as described, works great to connect extra devices to by type C laptop.  Compact & portable and can be stored in box it was packaged in when not in use.

	
  Great product! I use it all the time and it makes life so much easier when it comes to transferring photos and videos!

	
  Prefer this over others that need to plug into the side of a MacBook Pro.  Less chance of damage and more options for using all the ports.

	
  The USB C HUB is great and very convenient. Since my Macbook doesn't have ports to insert USB or hdmi cords, this HUB has all the slots I need to be functional.

	
  Great Attachment for my new macbook pro. Lots of usb hubs. Absolutely love that it takes SD card as well, can easily upload all my photos and videos.

	
  As a college professor using a 2018 MacBook Pro, this is vital. I love how sleek the product is, and have no problem using any of the slots.

	
  Nice Product. Made well.

	
  This little adapter is great — it looks nice and works perfectly.

	
  I love this product.  The best!  I can use my old devices with USB with my new computers, check video cards, etc. with no problem.  It saved my life!

	
  The product arrived on time, works great, have no issues with it works perfect and never fails me.

	
  This device came through. I needed it for my mac asap, and it did wonders. The price is to good to be true!

	
  Strong conector and fast speeds

	
  I like that the material is very durable and feels premium all the ports work and I have a dual monitor set up and it handles the other monitor and hard disks super well overall really recommend this product.

	
  I love the design very much. It is definitely useful for my new Macbook.

	
  Very solidly made. Like the 5 different ports. The USB C plug a great way to expand the ports on my laptop. Works very well.

	
  Very well constructed and has worked perfectly for first 3-4 months. No complaints at all.

	
  This works great and is compact and is affordably priced. Just what I was looking for.

	
  I've had no issues with this product yet so far. It works as promised.

	
  Great USB C HUB.  It works great and it is very portable.  I would recommend this product.

	
  Sleek, slender & well thought of design. All required ports included in one "easy to carry around" piece. The ports are well spaced and not cramped allowing devices to be plugged in without issues so far. Love the product.

	
  This product is perfect if on the go and need to connect elsewhere where you connection may not be available, or to have additional ports for your laptop.

	
  Great product. Good  material and great designed. Easy to travel cause is light weight and small.It works great with my Macbook Air. No complaints

	
  Very quaint and useful add on to my MacBook! I’m very happy with my purchase!

	
  It was really easy to connect my laptop to the external monitor just by one cable. Highly recommend this product!

	
  I expected this hub to be bigger; it is not. It is very tiny, it works great on my Mac, is is versatile and it looks awesome.

	
  Fits nicely in my briefcase and it matches my computer. The HDMI looks great and it has a seamless data transfer. I Would highly recommend this product.

	
  Exactly what I needed. WAAAYYYY cheaper then buying anything like it at Apple for my MacBook Pro 15”. 15/10 would buy again.

	
  Good quality. It does not interfere with the WiFi. However data transfer speeds can decrease a bit.

	
  This adapter is way cheaper than other ones you'll find, I am not sure how much I'll actually use it but it is handy to have.

	
  I am really happy with the product. The quality is really good and has a good number of ports. Works pretty well with my MacBook. I have faced no issues till now.

	
  Works perfectly.  Small enough to be portable and meets all my needs.

	
  This is a lifesaver! I recommend this for sure!

	
  Was delivered earlier then expected!

	
  I have only used the usb port so far but everything seems to be working well and I haven't had any problems! It feels like good quality and it's also convenient for traveling.

	
  I liked the hub, it is compact and runs all of my laptop accessories.

	
  Works well! Highly recommended

	
  After I bought it, I realized it didn't have a power-in.Otherwise it works well and didn't cost too much.

	
  Works as described, all ports work on my MacBook. Use it for Djing and now I can connect to all of my hardware thanks to this hub!

	
  Worked right away and great expansion ports.

	
  I like the size and functionality of this product.  Looks well-made and is practical.

	
  This hub seems high quality and durable. It works with both mac and windows laptops.

	
  Exactly what I paid for, havent used the camera sd slot personally, but acts as a hub on my computer. Have had no problems with it

	
  The product arrived one day early and has a great build quality for its price. currently convincing my sister to purchase one for her laptop.

	
  Works very well with my MacBook and allows me to utilize all of my USB devices.  Yay!

	
  Good product. works fine with my MacBook pro. so far I am happy with it.

	
  Product arrived promptly and was exactly what I needed to get the job done

	
  This is a great multi-use hub that works on both PC and Mac. I connect my external monitor and hard drives and has a micro SD card reader.

	
  Great little device! Made charging my vacuum after I broke the original charger easy.

	
  This is an amazing product , really handy for me when i travel for work.

	
  Works great! Easy to convert videos from my dash cam

	
  Ligero, portátil y por el precio es una excelente opción ! Lo he venido probando y no me ha dado ningún problema, ha funcionado muy bien !

	
  very good product , compatible easy to use and also very portable it doesn't slip out like the other hubs and its a hundred percent efficient

	
  Excellent product. Looks like made by Apple and matches the color and finish with grey macbook pro.

	
  Very light weight and portable

	
  Bought this to be used with both Mac and Windows laptops and it has been great.  It has all of the ports that I need.  Highly recommended.

	
  It works well. Perfect for office use, especially if you prefer to use a mouse as well as prefer to charge your phone next to you. This is a good choice.

	
  This is great although i did have to but a usbc adapter for my pc but is quality and sturdy and just gets the job done.

	
  No divers required! It was as easy as plug and play. Everything works on the device with no issues!

	
  Works great with my MacBook Pro and I can plug in multiple usb at once

	
  I really liked the quality of the material right out of the box. Charges all my devices well. No complaints at all, exactly as advertised.

	
  Got this product for Dell XPS 13 to connect via HDMI and also USB-2 ports. Its really great for such a wonderful price.

	
  This product works well, clear picture through hdmi, charging and good connection through usb ports

	
  I used this adapter for the sd card port because I needed to import pictures and it worked perfectly.

	
  I used it for a chrome book while working remotely from home it served the purpose

	
  Great product that actually works great and not too big and very lightweight great to take around with your computer.

	
  Great product. It is small and compact so very easy to store. Made of great quality materials. Would recommend to anyone looking for a more price friendly alternative to the Apple HUb.

	
  The hub-c was fast. Multiple slots with usb 3.0 and SD Card reader. HDMI output was an added bonus.

	
  Great product for price! If you have an old Mac you will need a USB adapter, but product works great!

	
  This is a good product. Came in very good shipping box and the build quality is very robust. Functions as advertised.

	
  I bought this for my daughter and she loves it! It has all the ports she might need, small, portable, and light weight!

	
  This dongle was the best purchase I had made for my macbook pro. It is the perfect size for travel.

	
  I ordered this thinking it was something else.  The customer service department handled it excellently.  Thank you!

	
  Great product that’s durable and functions well!

	
  Very small and easy to take with you. Includes a lot of USB ports for multiple plug in use

	
  I use this so that I can use other ports with my late 2019 16 inch Macbook Pro. Works great and at a great price!

	
  quality, convenience, functional, can't go wrong with this device, recommended for sure

	
  This product works very well.  Why pay $100 for an adapter when you can get this one at a fraction of the cost.

	
  Easy to take on the go, or stay in place at your home office!

	
  I have this hub to help connect a lot of electronics into my laptop for recording music.  It works great

	
  Just bought a new Mac and move the multiple USB ports and SD slot for picture upload!

	
  This product was very helpful for me since it is very small and light and it is compatible with my MacBook Air.

	
  Already used this on several different devices and it works perfectly. Very easy to attach and detach!

	
  The quality of the adapter is great and it also matches the color of my laptop so bonus points for that.

	
  when I first got this I thought all the ports would make it so it wouldn't last long or not a fasts but its really good quality

	
  Best adapter of this type that I have purchased.  Thank you for your fast sipping and good quality product.

	
  Pretty lightweight and useful and  good to have around with my laptop

	
  This item is lightweight, easy to use, and functional! The extra ports many it easy for all of my photography needs.

	
  It works exactly like its supposed to- I have no complaints. I'm glad I found an affordable alternative.

	
  This has been so handy and helpful for me. I've needed hdmi and normal usb for my laptop. Highly recommend!

	
  small light convenient.  multiple connection options.  matches my mac

	
  This product works very well. I have only used the usb ports so far and it works great! Super light & easily stored.

	
  small, portable, light, works well so far. (haven't used it a lot or for a long time but like it so far)

	
  Love this as my laptop does not have any hdmi or usb ports.  So sleek, lightweight and easy to travel with!

	
  I used this product for my 2019 MacBook Pro and it worked perfectly. I am very happy with the quality of this product.

	
  well-designed portable hub with the port selection.Connect to the Samsung S9 phone and watch pictures on big screen.

	
  This product does what it's supposed to do and I have recommended to others.

	
  Worked as described right out of the box.

	
  Good build. Need to connect it to USB type C when the laptop is off, otherwise laptop shuts down instantly.

	
  Perfect for a backpack.  Nice and compact!

	
  Works perfect for what I need. I have a surface go that only takes USB-C so now with this thing I can use my old jump drives and plug & play mouse.

	
  Great product that worked without a flaw!

	
  I use this product for my macbook and it has been great for doing projects or viewing contents of SD cards!

	
  Solid product works as advertised no complaints at all.

	
  I have been using this product with Macbook Pro, it works perfectly for data transfers and good hdmi ports. Never faced any issues. Buy with confidence.

	
  I love this product super easy to use and works perfectly when I need to download videos to my laptop.

	
  A+

	
  Completely satisfied and a economical alternative to the expensive hubs out there.

	
  This is what we needed for multiple connecting points on our mac air and monitor. Works great!

	
  Fits tightly, transfers data from USB A male to USB C male like I needed it to. Would recommend.

	
  Good design and works perfectly. Easy to use and portable design.

	
  This USB-C Hub is perfect for what I need. It works well and I have no complaints.

	
  Works well with Dell xps 13. Good read and write speeds. Lightweight and easy to carry around.

	
  It allowed me to convert my single USB C port into a hub station with more input/output choices.

	
  Great gadget to have! 7-in-1 USB C hub, perfect for all my needs.

	
  I’m very happy with this purchase. It’s a good quality/price product, would highly recommend it!

	
  I absolutely love how compact it is, it is perfect for what I needed it for. Highly recommend!

	
  Great product for adding additional USB ports to my laptop. Plugs in and works just as expected!

	
  The product is excellent and functional

	
  A lot of ports for very versatile use. Very good build quality, and very fast speeds.

	
  This product is so perfect. I travel a lot and I have to use this product every day. I love it

	
  Lightweight, compact and covers all the bases! I can even hook HDMI to my tv now!!! I can use it on my tablet or my galaxy s10!

	
  great quality and the color even matches my laptop. it has all the ports i need.

	
  This works great and is made very well. All ports were tested and worked as expected.

	
  A must have with the new Mac air.  Size perfect for portability.

	
  Works great!!  Very happy with purchase!

	
  I have used it for more than 4 months. It’s good. No issue and cheaper than best buy.

	
  Worked great does what I need it to do give USB port then my laptop so it great add computer needs

	
  it works perfectly. helped my key board to work with my Mac.efficient usage

	
  I was pleasantly surprised how well it works for being so compact.

	
  Using this product for home use on computer and smart TV. So far, so good. No issues.

	
  Works perfectly with my Macbook Air, never had any problems regarding hard drives or SD cards.

	
  This has been a good product. It is way better than our last one that fell apart.

	
  Have not tried the SD, TF or HDMI components but the USB connection works great!

	
  This works well for me as I still use all of these ports.

	
  Product works great. No problems! Would order again.

	
  Small and easy to slip in to my laptop case. Works as expected.

	
  Works for me great and is compact for travel in a backpack or a small bag/pouch!

	
  Great product to carry around.

	
  Very useful and handy. Comes with everything I need.

	
  Handy dongle I use with my Mac Book Pro...  Highly recommend it

	
  Product works with no problems, was used to place multiple USB devices together.

	
  Great little product. Matches the new space grey of MacBook perfectly.

	
  I might have liked a longer cable , but I'm satisfied with it. It does what I want it to do.

	
  Perfect fit, works great and looks great. Nice slim design. Powers perfectly.

	
  A very nice product! Have been using it for the past 10 days and it works great!

	
  This is an awesome product but the connection has some issues but overall I love it.

	
  I love this product. It’s very durable and helps a lot with my photo editing.

	
  Works for the newest Macbook Pro with Touch Bar. Very nice for students to have.

	
  Works exactly as expected. I've had it several months now and had no issues with it.

	
  Really good compact dongle good for travel.

	
  Prefect for two monitors dual screens for my PC. Lightweight and easy to use.

	
  USB ports work, haven't tried HDMI yet.  Cost effective and good quality so far.

	
  Great Product and very easy to use.  No issues to date and I use across various PCs.

	
  Es un producto muy  bueno se los recomiendo

	
  It was excellent and easy to port. I like as it is much comfortable.

	
  Small. Portable. Many adapter options all in one.

	
  I used this to connect my MacBook Pro 2016 with a monitor. it worked perfectly!!

	
  100% recommended

	
  Great product. Adapter for all my needs.

	
  The product worked GREAT with my new macbook pro!

	
  Very easy.  Just plug it in and you are ready to go.

	
  Product was really good.So far no issues and working really well.

	
  Great product

	
  Everything's really good with this product. The quality is awsome, the product looks and feels great.

	
  Bought for college student. Seems to work very well.

	
  Very sleek and lightweight ! Gets the job done ! 10/10 !

	
  Works fantastic!!! Love it

	
  Slim design great performanceplenty of space to plug my equipment

	
  It's small and lightweight. Perfect for my laptop setup.

	
  Good product in less price

	
  Fantastic addition to my ipad pro!!

	
  Easy and Convenient to use in low price and had a great feature in one

	
  Solid quality, works great as I use it when I travel.

	
  Awesome product!!!

	
  Great product. Works well. Like all of the available plug-in features.

	
  Just what I ordered and does what I need.  Thank you.

	
  perfect for my Mac computer

	
  It's very slick and have enough ports for connecting to other devices.

	
  With multiple ports and a sleek design, this usb port is very good.

	
  This product has been very useful.

	
  The device was so small and convenient to carry around. Recommend 100%

	
  The product works as it should.  I like that it has a sturdy chord.

	
  Love this product!  Great for anywhere I go!

	
  This worked great to add USB's to my laptop.

	
  Works Great - my daughter uses it all the time - and no complaints!

	
  the materials are great and great quality !!

	
  Love the design and it's ability connect all of my devices!

	
  It did the job, utilizing an apple computer.

	
  I really recommend it and it’s easy to use without problems

	
  Just hook it to my pc and works as expected.

	
  This is exactly what I needed. Small, simple, high quality.

	
  I love the product. Light weight and seems very durable.

	
  Love this product! Bring it anywhere you go.

	
  this item just better than the last one i had . i recommend

	
  Works very well. Is well built and easily transportable.

	
  It just works as expected, no issues at all.

	
  It does everything I need it to do and it's pretty durable!

	
  Easy to use and travel with. Not a heavy product at all.

	
  This USB C Hub works well.  Would recommend.

	
  Has everything I need and works as expected after 6 months.

	
  Looks great works great.

	
  Well designed,beautifully packaged,andquality materials.

	
  Combine all together. Like it.

	
  Worked great and very helpful for my project!

	
  Very good product, everything works as it is supposed to

	
  This product is of very high quality and allows users to expand the versatility of their wired connections.

	
  Decent quality, and all the ports work great.

	
  It's great and quick to use and it looks real expensive.

	
  just big enough.

	
  Works great, perfect size and easily portable

	
  Good product with good price

	
  Works as it should. Worth it.

	
  Works great. Was just what I was looking for.

	
  very good. easy and comfort.

	
  Good quality and a good size.

	
  This is a great product and very easy to use.

	
  Solid build and performance.

	
  Product works great for my daughter.

	
  So versatile and no problems!

	
  Works as expected and is a wonderful product!

	
  Awesome product. Works great with our new Mac mini.. 👍

	
  Exactly what I needed!

	
  Perfect size for what I need.

	
  Arrived sooner than expected. Works ver well.

	
  It works

	
  Very sleek and easy to carry.

	
  Portability with these features is excellent.

	
  Works great with my HP

	
  I suggest to try this product

	
  Works great. Just as described.

	
  Multi use. Good

	
  This worked perfect for my MacBook!

	
  Great price and functionality

	
  Works excellent

	
  Perfect to plug in all that I need!

	
  Amazing product

	
  Works great!!!

	
  Great product, Id happily buy again

	
  love it!

	
  I used this for photo import from my SD card. Works great!

	
  Great product.

	
  Perfect size. Nice easy and slick!!

	
  Added ports while traveling.

	
  As described

	
  Excellent

	
  I love how small and portable it is

	
  good product

	
  I love everything about it!!

	
  It's cheap but it works really well

	
  Good product

	
  Works great

	
  Nothing to dislike about this product. Been looking for a compact and useful adapter for awhile and I always end up buying multiple ones due to not working properly or compatibility but this one is all I need for me to be able to connect all my gadgets in one time. So far it’s the best purchase I did.  Thanks for this! Cheers!  - by the way I’m a customer all the way from the Philippines 💕

	
  great device

	
  Does its job.

	
  Ever since Macbook released it's version with only USB C ports this dock has come in very handy. It's very portable, light, and reliable. We've bought a ton of these for our employees too, never once have I heard of a problem, nor have we had to order a replacement. Highly recommend this product.

	
  Works great!

	
  very positive

	
  I wanted to add a extra monitor and USB ports to my work pc. Product came fast and was better than what I expected. So far product is going strong I recommend others to purchase this item.

	
  Small compact and easy to use. I received this for my birthday after buying myself a new laptop (Samsung) that only had 3 USB C ports. This was a total life saver in converting over.

	
  Works great!

	
  Great product

	
  Pretty cool tool to have.

	
  Was exactly what I was looking for. I am working from home and this adapter was exactly what I needed to get me set up to get everything connected. I had bought another adapter locally at about double the price that didn't work for what I needed. It seems to be well put together. I would say that it's a great value for the price.

	
  Works great!

	
  Good for the price no complains

	
  It’s good. The Mayer seems nice. The ports were clean. It is as pictured. Works well. I definitely recommend it!!

	
  good product

	
  Like it

	
  I received this as a gift and it is just what I needed! It’s sturdy and great quality and can charge all our devices at once. Will definitely recommend this dock.

	
  Works well.

	
  Very nice.

	
  Nicely matched my space gray MacBook.. Not cheap plastic, but made of aluminum, nice touch. The USB-C cable is sturdy and will likely outlast my Apple USB cables. Adds much needed functionality to the MacBook. The only real "con" I can think of, is the USB 3.0 port charges my iPhone X quite slow.

	
  Works real good

	
  I travel a lot and used to have to grab a lot of cords for all my electronics. Now i just grab the charging base and go. Really convenient and portable

	
  good product

	
  First time I used the USB C Hub I down loaded pictures from my photo card to my laptop. It works great.

	
  Great connector, easy use and good durable material

	
  Good product for using Macbook connections. Functional.

	
  So far so good, exactly what I needed to run USB devices off a new MacBook.

	
  Its great, I can bring it with me and it gives me more option when added more devices. This device is very light with metal casing.

	
  Great product

	
  This product is just what I needed. Highly recommended!

	
  Super practical! I loved it! It fitted perfectly with my MacBook Air laptop . I plugged my 2nd monitor, my keyboard and wireless mouse to it!

	
  Great product

	
  Would highly recommend all Macbook users purchase this!

	
  A very useful tech to have. It helps to keep my desk well organized. Good quality and durability.

	
  Excellent USB C Hub great price a s works well. Thanks

	
  I dig it! Quality build material as well.

	
  I use this hub daily and it works great.

	
  All ports work flawlessly. Great product.

	
  Wonderful product at an excellent price!

	
  Works as advertised.  Necessary for a Mac

	
  Easy to use and very fast.

	
  Just what we needed.  Works well!

	
  Needed USB-C for my MacBook Pro.  This adapter is just what I needed.  It has a clean, compact design and works well.

	
  This has been a great accessory to make my iPad Pro much more useful as my primary device. I mainly use it for the HDMI option so I can connect to TVs and other devices.

	
  Very good product.  Did exactly what I wanted it to do :)

	
  I absolutely love it and it’s very easy and convenient ♥️!

	
  This is exactly what we were looking for.  Multiport adaptor allows us to plug it all in!

	
  Each n everything about this adapter is best along with the best-built quality! It feels premium while using this adapter and is very fast for transfers through devices.

	
  Great product to attach to Mac air.  Would recommend.

	
  I enjoyed the build quality

	
  This product works exactly as expected. No issues connecting to my Macbook. Very Pleased.

	
  I like that this product is light but sturdy which makes it a great all-around choice but also great for travel.

	
  Superb product. Had it for 2.5 months. Love it so far

	
  Works with our MacBook Pro.

	
  Works and matches the MacBook Pro space gray color scheme.

	
  It has every type of ports I needed and it is smaller and lighter than I thought. Very happy with this purchase.

	
  This product is by far is the best USB Type-C I have received. The quality and overall use is superior to all the rest I have used!

	
  The product started working out of the box without any issue. Does all it says in the listing.

	
  I have been using this usb c hub with my MacBook for a long time now and I'm really proud of the durability and overall experience.

	
  Really a good plug-play thing. Now has become an important part of my laptop. Easy to carry but powerful. Worth to recommend.

	
  This product is very compact  and works great with MacBook. Easy plug and play, and offers variety of ports to use.I love it!

	
  I needed a hub for a MacBook Pro. The item works fine as described. If you need to charge and dock an iPad, it works just fine.

	
  I use this USB C Hub all the time and it is really great. It always detects my devices and I love being able to use the HDMI feature.

	
  This device works perfect on my new Apple MacBook Air.  I was frustrated at first when I found out that the new  MacBook only had USB C ports. This solved my problem! This multi-port adapter has every port I need!

	
  I ordered this 4 my daughter new computer, it comes very quick and looks good matching her space grey computer. try it on it works!

	
  It is a handy accessory with a full range of hub options depending on the purpose for the computer related job.  I do not hesitate to recommend it.

	
  Not sure why Apple decided not to include USB or HDMI ports but this device solves the problem. Works great!

	
  This works excellent with my 2017 MacBook Pro 13 Inch. USB ports work great and the HDMI works great too.

	
  Good build quality, and super useful with the micro sd insert.

	
  Had this for a few months now and it’s still going great. Love that it has many ports. I waited to write a review to see if it was a dud. But nope so far no complaints!

	
  Bought this for my macbook and it works well and provide all the ports and memory slots I needed.  Good buy!

	
  This USB C Hub was Great!!!! It showed up on time worked as expected. It was great to use this on my Chromebook and on my Microsoft Surface. Would recommend the product and seller.

	
  It's a quality and affordable product

	
  Love it. Works for what i need it for.

	
  I bought this for my MacBook Pro so I could have some USB ports that I needed. Works great. One of the programs I use requires a USB type dongle to work. It works fine no issues. It is also very thin and portable. Good product.

	
  Good quality usb-c hub. Half of what apple wanted for theirs. Works great. Only issue is if wireless mouse fob is plugged into It, has a delay. Would buy again

	
  Have used all the ports except the micro SD, they all work.  It also charges items like cell phones unlike some cheaper products.

	
  This is a great product,I have a mouse at my office and one at my home office that requires USB ports. With this product, I can use multiple items.

	
  When I found myself suddenly having to work remotely I panicked because I needed to connect to an external monitor and printer but my MacBook air did not have all of the necessary ports.  I ordered this USB C Hub and it arrived quickly.  I've been using it now for 4 months and it works perfectly!

	
  My Lenovo laptop only has a USB port, this multi port is fantastic, the speed is excellent, I connect my printer, external hard drive, my camera to edit photos and the speed is constantly excellent product

	
  it works as it advertised so far. I've had this product for a week now and I've been streaming Netflix from my computer to my TV through the HDMI adapter. Super helpful and no problems so far.

	
  Thanks!  I will use this for traveling and presenting to adapt to any/all forms of connections across the country.  This will be used with my laptop and IPad!

	
  This Chub is a great product.  It works great with eh Apple MacBook Pro.  You can use any USB ans SD cards with it

	
  Before buying this I tried buying another USB adapter for my Mac that had problems with the connection, it didn't recognize my iPhone, and I couldn't use the bottom part of my Macbook case. Then I decided to try this one and I loved it, I can use it without taking my case off and I don't have any problems with it, it recognizes my phone and flash drives. I would definitely buy it again.

	
  My wife has no complaints about this device she loves it for her 2019 samsung notebook pro it's a great buy.

	
  This product is budget friendly, consists of good quality, and is definitly worth it. This served all the purposes of a USB dongle for me. It suits the space gray color of my mac very well. And the cable and port quality is unbeatable for the price. Although , I havent tested this with a 4k display, on a 2k monitor- the resolution is very good

	
  I purchased this product for my iPad.  It works great and I have not had any problems with it.  If you have any IPad this item is a must have.  It arrived timely and securely wrapped.

	
  Very good quality!  The housing of this is built very well, for being from China.  It reads everything I use.  The only issue I have is that it does get hot when I use it, but this does not affect the performance. Other than that, very impressed for the price!

	
  Very small adapter that is easy to use and very portable. Didn't have to worry about its size or anything. Very good quality product would definitely recommend to anybody with a macbook pro.

	
  I like the feel of this product. Feels very high quality. It's survived my toddlers planning with it so it's pretty durable. It's everything I expected.

	
  I recently purchased a new laptop that only has thunderbolt ports. This convenient multi-port adapter is easy to use and perfect for connecting my other devices, cameras and drives into the new laptop. Simple design. I’ve had no issues yet using it. Affordable price for a great tool :)

	
  Using this with my MacBook Pro (Thunderbolt 3), and it works perfectly. No problems or difficulties at all. A great, economical, portable hub providing USB ports that I can use for everything.

	
  This is a really great product for it's price! Mac hubs can get pretty expensive, but this was a great price and is of pretty good quality as far as I can tell. It has all the ports I need, while still leaving one open USB-C port on my computer free. It works very well and is a great size for traveling!

	
  This is a Work From Home must have. Had to take several IT devices from work office to home and needed USB hub that supported data and charging functions. Everything works great.

	
  Works well, nice package.  A lot of useful interfaces.

	
  It has been working perfectly since I got it. I mostly use the USB port and it does the job. Great for traveling also since it’s compact.

	
  My sons Mac laptop with no usb  its now usable. He's happy boy now

	
  I needed a way to easily connect memory cards and my laser printer to my MacBook.  This item was recommended by my friend and it's exactly what I needed.  It's compact, portable and easily connects devices.

	
  This product matches perfectly with my macbook pro 13 space grey. It looks like as if it came with the macbook. The material feels premium but is actually plastic. I simultaneously connected my external HDD and USB mouse it it gave no problem. The HDD was able to utilize its full copying speed. Overall i'm really happy

	
  all features work!  I was happy with my purchase.  Highly reccommend this product at it's price.

	
  Item arrived quickly.  I mainly purchased it so that I could connect to HDMI.  Works well!

	
  I really enjoy the variety of the ports available. Great product for the price. I would highly recommend!

	
  This USB hub arrived on time, excellent packaging, I use the box to storage it when I take it to work on my backpack. The product works perfectly no issues and is the best addition to my laptop which has only one USB ports. Now I’m able to connect both my mouse and a card reader I need to use for work.

	
  Works great. Lots of ports. No issues.

	
  Very good prodcut easy to use and very portable.

	
  compact and works great!

	
  Really great device for the price, I like it better than the ones that fit flush to the side of the MacBook as I’ve had a lot of those break for one reason or another. This has read all SD cards I’ve thrown at it and it can run my VR unit off this one device (requires hdmi and usb plugs).

	
  With my Mac air, I had minimal outports. This product allowed for a wider range of uses with my additional computer accessories. Also, it doesn’t take too much space. I can transport it in my pocket or in my notebook bag.

	
  This product was exactly what I expected and works as advertised.  I highly recommend it.

	
  Great product thank you.

	
  This is exactly what I needed for my iPad all in one. Transfer files, save to flash drive and present on a hdmi monitor or HD tv. I have recommended this to other iPad users. I’d definitely buy again!

	
  The product justifies the money. Works perfectly with mac (which was the whole reason for buying one). 3 USB ports help in connecting keyboard and mouse while charging the mobile. Compact and easy to carry. Can't complain on any aspect.

	
  This is an excellent product. It is very low profile and all ports are easily accessible.

	
  It's way better quality than expected. I'm extremely satisfied.

	
  I've been using this unit with my Lenovo C930 when I need an HDMI port. It has been reliably and is recognized by Windows when plugged in. I wish it also had an ethernet port, but it's not a big deal.

	
  Apple keeps changing the ports on every new MacBook and I keep buying accessories to handle my peripherals. This mini USB hub is perfect. Three USB ports and two card readers, which replaces my need for an additional card reader device.

	
  I like the different hubs, it's portable, and detachable.  First, used it to connect phone to computer.

	
  It works perfect. I would recommend this product.

	
  small, portable, has all the necessary parts you could ever need!

	
  I like how it’s so portable and still has a lot of ports. Works very well and have no problems with it.

	
  Light and Easy to use. Nice color and convenient.

	
  I really like the extra ports it has for sd cards as well as a charger for my phone. I travel to and from campus often so this is an absolute must for college students who use their laptop often.

	
  Excellent product to cook connect multiple devices to the USB hub on my new computer. Reasonably priced

	
  Works great. cant compliain. Picture quality is fine material build is solid

	
  Perfect

	
  I 100% recommend this USB plug, definitely worth the spending and will not fail you! I have been using it for the past five months, so I can safely say I’ve used all the plugs in it. I don’t regret the purchase, it’s worth it!!

	
  I love how thin and compact the item is. Won't take up too much space. Perfect for a student on the go!

	
  Works well.

	
  Just what I need for additional ports for my Mac.

	
  I used this product on my MacBook Pro that doesn't have a USB port or HDMI. I loved this product!

	
  Works great, quality is amazing, and I’ve had zero problems with this product. Definitely recommend it!

	
  Rather good usb type c hub. I bought it mostly for usb 3.0 adapters, but I think I will use other ports.

	
  It was perfect, and exactly what I needed.

	
  You get a lot for your money with this HUB. It as an essential tool for any road warrior. Amazing build quality for the price.  It’s nice to get such quality for a fair price!

	
  Pros: I chose this one for it's SD card reader and HDMI, and they work fine together!Cons: It'll be great if have one extra type-c port.

	
  Its a great product very handy and affordable and it works perfectly with my macbook. Highly recommended

	
  Pretty nice

	
  Great quality

	
  Super helpful, portable, and offers a lot. Using this with my Macbook Pro and it's working very well. I'm able to use multiple ports at the same time while getting work done, and love how I can take it to work and school with ease

	
  Works well.

	
  Works great.

	
  This product has been easy to use, and very reliable.  I have had no issues attaching any storage media to the device.  It's use has been seamless and very helpful to my workflow.  I would recommend this product to others.

	
  Well made, great for on the go and price is wow.

	
  Looks great

	
  So far so good.

	
  Have used other adapters long back but this one worked wonderfully. Been using for last 5 months everyday and happy that it's not broken yet also It has multiple ports and such in a good affordable price. Loved it !

	
  Great adapter

	
  Incredible

	
  It was great

	
  Super lightweight, very sleek and easy to transport. Has a great number and variety of ports, able to use several at once. This is exactly what I was looking for and it was a great price.

	
  Very nice packaging and compact product that works very well.

	
  Works well

	
  Love the design! Did what I expected!

	
  Works really well to connect to my monitor. I love the quality  and great customer service

	
  works perfect , good quality

	
  Works as described

	
  Not bad 👍

	
  Works as described, is a great product.

	
  Easy to use and works great!

	
  Works perfectly

	
  It functions

	
  Exactly what we needed! Works great!

	
  Muchas gracias

	
  very well made works well

	
  Good buy.

	
  last a very Long time very worth the price

	
  Great product.

	
  No issues with the product

	
  Great product. Works very well with my new MacBook Pro. Great price.

	
  Quick delivery and strong, sturdy product.

	
  Great product!

	
  Works great. Nice and compact.

	
  i like it

	
  compact, easy to use

	
  Great product. Works just as I was hoping.

	
  Great product!

	
  sleek design works great with my surface go!

	
  Works perfectly! Exactly what I was looking for.

	
  I got it for my Mac and it works perfectly

	
  I Like that it is portable.

	
  Very sleek and well made design, functions really well and have no problems

	
  Good condition, great comparability with my mac

	
  Worth a buy. Good for traveling especially

	
  Product works as described.

	
  It works well and i can do more with it

	
  Its pretty good and the hdmi plug in helps alot

	
  easy to carry around and use

	
  Does the work

	
  Reasonable price for a quality product.

	
  Product was exactly as described.

	
  Great item, works perfectly.

	
  Great product that expands the number of ports I have on my laptop. Highly recommend this hub.

	
  Great handy product for  my Mac Pro

	
  This met the need perfectly and simply.

	
  Works as advertised

	
  Great Product!

	
  Good one

	
  As described, used with my new Mac air.

	
  Great for the price

	
  Great product!

	
  Nice product. Lots of options in a small package. I havent used everything yet but great so far.

	
  Does the trick! Perfect with no issues!

	
  Works as it should.

	
  I recommend it

	
  Very well made! Works great with MAC air.

	
  Works like a charm!!!

	
  Me ha funcionado muy bien

	
  Quality & works well. Wish it had a spot for another lightning charge port.

	
  Good quality very outstanding, I like it.

	
  The adapter was packaged well and works exactly as advertised.

	
  I liked it.

	
  The product was in good condition and full-filled all of my needs.

	
  Very happy with my purchase! Great quality hardware for the amount I paid!

	
  Works well for what we needed. No issues.

	
  Great product very durable would buy again if I lose this one.

	
  I work for me

	
  It charges my phone while I transfer pictures!

	
  Works great !!

	
  This works very well--perfect for my computer and accessories!

	
  Works well! Used for about 3 months now, haven't had any issue.Compact, 3 USB ports are sufficient for my use.

	
  Works as advertised

	
  This is a good hub considering its price. I recommend !

	
  Love this HUB! It’s sturdy and my memory cards never fall out!

	
  Great product, easy to use, and extremely portable!!

	
  I bought this for my MacBook Pro so I could plug in my USB stuff. It works great.

	
  Solid little dongle

	
  works great with apply macbook that doesn't have plug ins for extras

	
  pretty good. working great. Thanks

	
  Works great! No lags or connection issues. Has all the adapter ports you’ll need!

	
  Great!

	
  Product works as advertised and still works great a few weeks later!

	
  Works well and is very affordable.

	
  Looks great and works right out of the box, as expected.

	
  Easy to use, very compact, it was plug and play. Used for travel and ease of use.

	
  Very satisfied with this. I use it daily with my Pro Gl to transfer files from my laptop to it.

	
  Works perfect with my MacBook Pro! Small and portable yet efficient.

	
  portable and very easy to use. Not too big

	
  I love it. It is very useful and very easy to use. And it is working pretty well.

	
  Pretty impressed, very sturdy, easy to use for a good price.

	
  I really liked the USB C hub, so far it's working great with my mac.

	
  This thing is sturdy.  It is small and it works.  No complaints here.

	
  No complaints. Great portability and number of ports.

	
  As advertised. Has all the things you need.

	
  Im using it to connect my excersise computer. Works out really well.

	
  I cannot use the HDMI port and USB port at the same time.  otherwise great!

	
  Great product, thin and slick.  Reliable and Durable for daily usage.

	
  Great quality and product.

	
  Good quality and the adapter works very well.  Easy to use.

	
  Great product . Working perfectly.

	
  Very good product. very compact. All different kind of port in such compact design.

	
  Muy buen producto de excelente calidad.

	
  This USB adapter works as needed and we have no complaints.

	
  I've used the USB hub with all inputs, and there is instant connectivity. Very happy with the purchase.

	
  Works perfectly. Very nice product

	
  Easy to use and has everything you could possible need to connect to your computer.

	
  Excellent quality. Works as advertised!

	
  Works great, small and light.

	
  Very light-weighted and works out-of-box exactly as expected for my Samsung phone.

	
  This product does what it's supposed to and is lightweight and easy to travel with.

	
  So happy with purchase, exactly as described and works great!

	
  The USB-C Hub has been working perfectly since I first bought it. Highly recommend!

	
  Nice little hub, very compact. Works well with my MacBook Air

	
  Great product, well made and exactly as pictured. I am very happy with my purchase.

	
  Very compact for travel and provides great options for connections

	
  Works as advertised no problems to speak of.

	
  Plug and play and has a  good number of slots to meet my need.  Highly recommended.

	
  It was a PNP. Easy to install. Have been working good for me.

	
  I was looking for a USB-C dongle for my new MacBook Air, and this worked perfectly!

	
  Works exactly as expected.  Shipped quickly.

	
  Great USB C multiport adapter. Very fast data transfer speeds and gets the job done

	
  This is all you need to attach your devices to your computer.

	
  Great product. Arrived on time and met all my expectations. Highly would recommend.

	
  Useful with the variety of adapters, great for work and better quality than expected.

	
  Love this! Works great and lets me connect my Mac with other devices.

	
  Works immediately when plugged in. Good quality for the price

	
  It works great everytime when I use. Thanks!

	
  Very compact and works great with zero flaws. For the price I think it's a great buy.

	
  It was an easy plug and play operation for my wife’s new MacBook Pro.

	
  works great, adapts everything we need to our new macbook pro

	
  The hub works great, a seems to be durable at this point.

	
  Low profile, fits in my laptop case. Works as described! Used with a 15" MacBook Pro.

	
  This adapter is great. Has everything I need and works as advertised.

	
  All the connections I need in a compact and easy use form.  Fits easily in my laptop bag.

	
  This is a good accessory for my Macbook Pro 2019 13 inch.

	
  Perfect size, sleek design and right combination of ports for my needs.  Works great!

	
  good

	
  I liked how small and useful it was the multiple ports we’re useful so I could do multiple things at one time.

	
  I don’t like the chord that it comes with and also there’s some out there for a way cheaper price.

	
  much more affordable than buying from Apple,works perfectly fine.

	
  Was surprised with how great this is for the price. Quality materials and a gray size for travel.

	
  Very easy to transport, helpful with transitioning from PC to Mac, all ports work as expected. Very satisfied!

	
  The hub comes as advertised. It has a nice space grey color that matches my Macbook Pro. It’s nifty and easy to carry around.

	
  I used this product to connect my laptop to a monitor and wireless keyboard, the setup works great!

	
  This is a great adapter, I am able to connect more than 1 device to my dell XPS 13 with no issue.

	
  This comes in handy when I need multiple things plugged in that isn't apple base. The HDMI plug came in handy.

	
  I initially thought this would be cheap material but it functions perfectly and was great for editing on the go.

	
  I bought this for my Surface Pro 7. Even with 3 USBs plugged in, it ran smoothly without a problem.

	
  Great product that I was very happy with! Has everything I need for video editing and presenting.

	
  Excelente producto lo recomiendo

	
  I think this is a good product.  It does what its meant for.  and it's a ton cheaper than getting it at a store.

	
  The multipart adapter is a great addition to my MacBook Pro! Simple to use, just like it should be!

	
  After 6 months of heavy use, this USB hub works perfectly and looks great with my space-gray Mac.

	
  I am loving this item!!! I needed this additional adapter for my new Macbook and so far, it's awesome! No complaints here!!!

	
  Multiport adapter worked as expected.  I use it mainly to extend my display to a larger monitor.  It works well!

	
  Great for my Lenovo laptop, since it's short on ports. This is just what I needed!

	
  I was surprised how well it worked considering the price. Great adapter if you only need the basics all in one.

	
  Got it for my macbook so I can hook up to my tv and use a flashdrive and what not, and it's easy as literally plugging it in

	
  I used this to help organize my desk when moving into college. Very useful and meets all my needs.

	
  Works perfectly fine and doesn’t overheat. No complaints

	
  I love it already. I like that it comes with 3 usb ports and the SD card. It works perfectly and I can't wait to use it more!

	
  Absolutely love the product, works well and durable.

	
  It worked as expected. No issues. I wish the cable was a little longer

	
  GREAT DEVICE!!! I was surprised at the material used to make this product. It is very durable and works great with my laptop.

	
  I ordered this adapter mainly to use the HDMI, but having 3 USB 3.0 ports have been more useful than expected.Very light and practical with an excellent finish material

	
  Works well - offers great connectivity options in a very compact user friendly package. Stylish looks just icing on the cake!

	
  I was looking for an all in one lighting adapter for my 2018 mac book pro. This gives me three USB 3.0 ports, an HDMI (which worked) and SD card readers. The HDMI allows me to free up a port to run a second monitor.

	
  This has truly expanded my computers ability to connect multiple devices.  I've had it for about 3 months and it works great.

	
  This is the perfect USB for any addition to any computer - it goes everywhere my computer does.

	
  Perfect!

	
  I like this one.This hub is well working. But little bit heat.Still, I'm satisfied.

	
  To be honest i was surprised that the item was shipped to Egypt this fast! and the product is amazing quality!!

	
  This hub is lightweight and portable. Looks great with my macbook! So happy with this purchase!

	
  Works as described.

	
  Worked great with new Mac that didn't have USB port.  Quick shipment and great customer service

	
  Works great for projecting my Samsung galaxy S8 onto my TV. Just wish it had a function to charge the phone while projecting onto the TV.

	
  I absolutely love it. It matches my MacBook and it’s going to be so useful for my flash drives. Works great so far!

	
  It is very convenient for use with laptops and phones; especially, when travelling with the need for data / image transfer.

	
  Works very well! Also matches my MacBook. Easy to use, has ample space for external accessories.

	
  This adapter has been great so far. It is small which makes it easy to use and has multiple uses which is also convenient. Good purchase.

	
  Awesome addition to my Mac Book! Combines everything I would need for my laptop, and I would definitely recommend for anyone!

	
  I attach this to my laptop and connects me to all my devices. Easy and just what I need. I highly recommend this to anyone.

	
  Works with new (2019) Dell XPS 13. HDMI and USB ports all function well. Product feels sturdy.

	
  Simple, but works well.  I am happy with this

	
  Product arrived in 2 days, every port conncted easily and worked well.

	
  This product is so useful for MacBook with only 2 thunderbolts. It has most of the ports you need, and it is easy to carry!

	
  There was nothing wrong with this item. Ordered the wrong one

	
  Working as advertised.  Well worth the money.

	
  Great size and sleek design. Super easy to use and perfectly portable.

	
  Really nice product!

	
  works as described! plenty of connections depending on your use. turns ipad into more of a low functioning computer

	
  I liked the product.It worked well when using my phone as a computer.

	
  Works great!  I use it for my usb thumb drive and have access to everything I need.

	
  love it!!!  it works well on my macbook pro! thank you guys for this

	
  La calidad es muy buen

	
  It is so small but powerful.  Highly recommend.

	
  This product is great for use for MacBooks that lack ports needed.  It's compact enough to throw in a bag and pull out for quick use needs.

	
  Only few weeks working with it. It is working fine and fast. I would recommend you to give it a try.

	
  This product functions swimmingly even with all ports occupied. I couldn't ask for more.

	
  Needed this to plug into my husbands new computer that only has USB C ports. It works wonderfully and was much cheaper than any other product we found.

	
  Great functionality with my MacBook, seems to be made of durable material, and the color even matches perfectly. What more can you ask for?

	
  Small perfect for travel. Easy to use. 7 in 1 makes it extremely diverse and able to have all the connectors in one. Great quality for price!

	
  I like it. The material and the design are nice.It's easy to use and works very well.I do really recommend it for now. Don't know how will work inbthe future...

	
  works great, comes in handy frequently since the newer MacBooks have no ports other than the usb-c ones, and it color matches nicely with the computer.

	
  This is a great adapter.  Gives any laptop or ipad multiport options.  Works perfectly!

	
  Item performs as described. Durable and built well.

	
  This USB C HUB has been a godsend! Being able to plug multiple devices into the same station has made life much simpler! I know where they all are now!

	
  Truly plug and play ready... fast shipped.  As described.  Good quality

	
  Definitely an awesome dongle that’s fulfilled its purpose well. The build quality feels good, the resolution on the external monitor looks fantastic and ports work great!

	
  This adapter is just what I needed. Just something simple with USB, HTMI and SD card reader slots. Can't beat this for the price in my opinion.

	
  This product is so useful and works really well for individuals who need extra usb ports or just need a C port in general.Highly recommend.

	
  This hub has worked great and is super easy to use. Just plug and play.

	
  Adapter works great and amazing build quality! Use it on the iPad Pro 11in and works flawlessly with multiple hard drives and the SD card inserted at once.

	
  Very sleek design and works smoothly..Valuable price versus quality.

	
  Great for 12" MacBook, the two port dongle doesn't fit in the 12".

	
  Mulitports are great for new computers with so few.

	
  Great

	
  Had just the right slots needed.  Was even able to use to connect my TV as a second monitor!

	
  The new MacBook Pro is light on ports, this enables you to connect older USB devices and an external monitor with HDMI all using a single USB-C port.

	
  Works great

	
  This improved the versatility of our new MacBook Pro by adding much needed ports.  Especially like the HDMI connectivity.

	
  I have couple usb devices connected as well as external monitor and it works great for that.

	
  The item works great.  I've traveled with it and used it for presentations, very easy to carry.  High quality.  My computer doesn't have USB ports so I use this daily.

	
  Works well.

	
  Product is good and as expected. I am using since last 4-5 months and it is serving its purpose. Working with my macbook very well.

	
  This product works really well. I have used it multiple time and it is still working great, and I have had no complaints.

	
  Made from good material and sturdy as hell andCan take a beating in addition to being an all in one for the MacBook Pro it can probably be stuffed into a sock and used for self-defense, Wah-pow!

	
  I like it. I connect my flash drive to it to store and work on my projects without using the storage on my laptop.

	
  Excelente Articulo, buen material. Es facil de usar y De llevar a todo lado. Muy recomendado

	
  Works really well, no problems so far!

	
  Happy with purchase; met my needs. Good quality as advertised.

	
  Worked much better than orgionally anticipated from the product description. I'm now able to connect two monitors + all devices to my laptop without purchasing a more expensive USB-C docing station.

	
  Newer laptops don't have USB ports and microSD ports. This add-on is a necessity to have all the possible functions in a laptop. Very sleek and thin and matches the aesthetic of my laptop.

	
  Sturdy little adapter with lots of ports. I recommend

	
  I browsed through a bunch of products before I decided to try this one. It’s great. It’s small, light, and has exactly what I need. The other ones I saw had 4 USBs and no SD card. This also has an hdmi port. I recommend!

	
  This product USB-C hub for use with macbook works great. Very lightweight and portable yet durable. And it has lots of port options for different kinds of input connections.

	
  Great product. Good connection and no issues with installing new devices. Easy to use with usb-c connector.

	
  It came very fast in the mail. The quality was great. It’s lightweight and connects to the computer fast and effortlessly. It has an led indicator which was a great touch

	
  I bought I MacBook Pro and it doesn't have any usb outputs so I needed an adapter and this one was perfect. I can just stick it in my backpack with my laptop so I can use it any time.

	
  This product works as advertised, matches the color of my MacBook perfectly, and is a great price point!

	
  it's been working great since purchase, it's durable, compact, convenient, highly recommend it

	
  Works well! You simply plug it in and it works right away. I was able to use my Macbook 2018 with my old peripherals and devices with this hub. I definitely recommend it.

	
  This product arrived on time and was exactly what I needed to still use the items I used with my 2014 Macbook for my 2019 Macbook. Everything still works!

	
  Bought for making charging multiple devices easier. Definitely does this and would recommend. Great price and good quality item. Would buy from this seller again

	
  I needed to add an SD card slot and some more USB slot to my laptop.  This works great and is small enough that it doesn't take up much room in my backpack when I travel.

	
  i got a defective product, they refunded to me.

	
  Works great, exactly what I needed. Light & portable. Fast shipping.

	
  Works seamlessly with my MacBook Pro

	
  I purchased this product mainly to connect to my HDMI monitor and my TV and it works flawlessly  I am very pleased with the product.

	
  Exactly what I was looking for and at a good price. I just plugged it in and started using. Quick delivery and packaged perfectly.

	
  Received the unit last week, and it works perfect with all functionalities: (1) USB ports, (2) HDMI and (3) Memory card.Memory card transfer to/from Mac worked fast, as well as USB Pen Drives. HDMI worked fine with LG Wide Screen Monitor.

	
  This is a very solid adapter that I believe will last me a while. I've had it for about 3 months now and have not had any issues.

	
  Purchased to connect my computer to an AV system with a large screen TV and audio system for presentations.  Also used the USB port for a pointer  / slide advancer.  Everything integrated seamlessly.Slim, sturdy, lightweight...travels easy.

	
  Very high material quality. Worth the money.

	
  Works well. I have my monitor plugged in via the HDMI slot, and two USB dongles for a keyboard and mouse, and they all work great. Easy to connect/disconnect when I pack up for or return from travel.

	
  It works. Load micro as directly onto iPad without issue

	
  This is one of the best purchases I've made on Amazon. It connects to my Mac without a problem and has made my WFH experience better!

	
  I purchased this device along with my laptop due to the need for a USB port.  When I saw this, I liked the extra options.  I've used a couple of the options and it worked well.  I would recommend it.

	
  I work from home and needed something that could handle all of the equipment that needed a port. Great product and well worth?

	
  Metal body, good quality, and good value for the amount of money.

	
  The hub was small and lightweight while still having the feeling of having a strong frame. It has many useful ports and should fulfill most of your needs. Definitely would recommend to any friend.

	
  Just bought a newer MacBook Pro with “slimline ports”, just two C ports. Allows for rapid charging a plus. This work perfectly and is easy to carry. Color goes well with the Mac. Highly recommend it.

	
  I haven't tested all of the different ports, but the ones I have used functioned as expected

	
  Perfect small size for travel. Allows me to plug in my mouse converter and USB. Very versatile.

	
  The product promotes capability and easy access; which is the importance of adapters anyway. Love the LED light that indicates the connection!

	
  This is the perfect accessory for my Macbook Pro. I am able to plug in all my various media cards. Quality product and matches the macbook.

	
  My husband found me this to take when I travel or visit client sites to help quickly expand my Laptop to a portable office/work station.  Product works great!!!

	
  This product worked exactly as described for my Macbook Pro. It is helpful to be able to take just one item and know that I can connect to various other types of hardware. Great value.

	
  I had another product similar to this, but it was like carrying around a brick. This is so much more slender and still has everything I need; most importantly the SD card reader!So happy with this product.

	
  This product does everything I expected it to do. I can have the HDMI plugged in along with a mouse and keyboard and it all works perfectly. It does get a little warm when you use many things at once but not uncomfortably so.

	
  This is a great product... does what it says.  I just wish it had another USB-C port into it, because when I plug this in, the other USB-C port on my MAC is for the charging cord.  But this is a good hub!

	
  It has got the required ports. I use it for my macbook pro and is very useful to carry this around in a light and easy manner. Hope this accessory has a long usability life.

	
  I'm very happy with this purchase.  I use it to connect several USB devices to my MacBook.  It works as described.

	
  Been using this every day for a mobile setup with a MacBook Pro. Every day we plug in multiple flash drives and a HDMI monitor to the MacBook and this hub has worked perfectly every time with zero issues.

	
  The product is very durable. It is lightweight and portable.

	
  The color matches the space grey model perfectly, and I have no problem connecting it to any USB A port and HDMI. Everything works flawlessly! Great product

	
  I received the product yesterday and plugged into my MacBook Pro. So far everything is good. The product finish (external quality) is very well. I like the color which goes very well with the space black.

	
  Easy to use. I use this for a flash drive on a macbook. Works just as it should!

	
  Works great - no problems and sturdy material

	
  Great little gadget! a lot smaller and compact than I thought!

	
  Arrived on time.  Tested all the USB ports which work, have not tried the media readers or HDMI yet.

	
  Product was received quickly and ready to use.  It expands capability of my new Mac Book Pro immensely and easily.

	
  works great!!

	
  This works perfectly! This is so convenient and compact.  I was easily able to connect this to my computer and was able to upload photos fro my phone while having flash drive connected.

	
  As advertisers for sure

	
  This a great product! I use this everyday with my external mouse and usb drives. It's very convenient.

	
  Easy to use and is holding up well with infrequent use.

	
  I bought this a few months ago but it works amazing and is very portable. I spend a couple of days looking for quality USB's and this is the best one, so highly recommend!

	
  I didn't expect much from the picture. but the slick texture gives it a pretty good high tech feel. tried all the slots and they worked with no issues. affordable.thanks guys

	
  The Hub has worked well! It’s sleek design and multiple ports make it easy to travel with and utilize!

	
  Works great. Exactly what I was expecting.

	
  So far so good.  Matches with my MacBook pro space gray and it works as advertised.  Good product.

	
  I bought this hub for my new LG Gram laptop. Everything works as expected. Sized well and has all you probably need if you luck of connections. I would definitely recommend it to others.

	
  Been using this for about a week, and it's been working well as described. A bit pricey, but it is a 7-in-1 product.

	
  The problem I had was that the ports in the laptop were so close together that I couldn't use the ones I needed all at the same time.  This hub has taken care of that problem.  It's those little things that can make a difference.

	
  The product is very durable and compact for travel. It fits nicely in my carry on bag for use with my Microsoft Surface.

	
  It’s an extremely useful dongle, only quirks I have is the wire feels janky but else wise it’s amazing. The ability to connect my tv and watch movies or use my keyboard to do work is amazing.

	
  Small & good quality

	
  The material and texture feel so good I really like it, and the size is smaller than expected with all the ports you need, is a pretty good deal!

	
  I am loving this adaptor, in fact I bought two! It fits very easily into my MacBook  Air and the best thing, it has a card reader! As an amateur photographer this port makes it very easy and fast for me to upload.Thank you,Misla Barco

	
  I like how compact this product is and how easy to use it is. It’s simply plug in and go. It’s small enough to slip into any pocket in my laptop sleeve or my backpack and lightweight enough to carry around all day.

	
  Works as advertised.  No problems and works as it should.  Very happy with this purchase.

	
  Have used this for over a week with no issues so far. The only thing yet I haven't used is the SD card slot. Would be better if there was a USB-C connector in the hub so its more convenient. Otherwise, would highly recommend this to others due to the product reliability.

	
  It's a perfect fit. I bought this to transfer data from the old laptop to the new.

	
  I really like this product.  I got the computer for graduation but needed to plug in a lot of my accessories.  This is the perfect attachment that I needed to use the computer to its full capacity.  I have bought these for gifts for my friends.

	
  This is a great device to keep in my briefcase for travel - allows me to easily add devices via USB and use my various media cards for viewing/editing content.  Extra HDMI allows me to add projectors/monitors as well.  Would recommend highly and without reservation.

	
  I really liked that this hub was flat and could easily be stored in my laptop sleeve. It has so many ports and was very affordable. No problems so far and I don't forsee any. Would buy again and recommend.

	
  it's work great

	
  I have had no issues and have no complaints about this product! I've used every input and they all work well. Much better for traveling than having numerous dongles to keep up with. This all-in-one will be the solution for expanding the capabilities of your Macbook!

	
  Very useful and good connection with Mac.

	
  Great quality product. I was very pleasantly surprised!

	
  This was the answer to connecting to everything I needed to. I work for various clients in their offices and connections are sometimes a problem. This solved it. And it's super light and compact. Can't go wrong for the money!

	
  Works great!

	
  Would def buy this again works perfectly.

	
  This works great as an at-home dock for my work laptop.  Very satisfied with the product, and the value/quality for cost

	
  I was looking for an adapter that offered a lot. My work purchased new Macs and the adapter that they gave us were not enough given the variety of tech we use. The only piece that’s missing is a VGA connection!  Overall I have been impressed with it.

	
  A great product, and high quality.  I highly recommend it.  I use it at home and while traveling, this is a must have for all Surface and Apple users!

	
  Great product. Works perfect.:)

	
  I’m very satisfied with this product. I bought a new MacBook Pro and needed a USB for external hard drives and wireless mouse - this hub does the trick!

	
  I use this product to connect my Note 10 to a screen at work. It helps me use my phone as both a phone and a computer at the same time. I compared this product to others and this had the best quality and price.

	
  I needed this for my new laptop I purchased since it only had 2 ports and none were USB.  Very handy gizmo, great for travelling.

	
  I use this everyday when working on my MacBook and I have not encountered any issues so far. When I first bought my MacBook, I knew I had to buy something like this. I had seen some of these at stores for much higher prices so when I found this one on here, I was excited to try it out.

	
  I'm an IT consultant and the USB "C" capability, coupled with the other available ports and easy portability make this a must have for my business. The price only servers to push it over the top as a great buy!

	
  Worked perfectly to connect my Macbook Pro to a large PC screen. Highly recommend!

	
  Works great however picks up radio Frequencies causing the USB to disconnect. If using walkie talkies beware

	
  I purchased this a few months ago. It has been reliable. Also, it accommodates several items. Good Item.

	
  Solidly built, allowed me to add an additional monitor (from 2 > 3) to my laptop setup at homeand has additional USB ports for connecting a phone and headset w/mic. I like it so much I got an additional one for my wife.

	
  perfect for my laptop, I used double sided tape to stick it to the side, lightning fast with the usb type c connection. Highly recommend

	
  Feels and looks sturdy. Good quality product. Works fine. The color matches very well with the dark gray Mac book.

	
  * HDMI 4k* 3 USB 3.0* SD card* Micro SD CardArrived fast. Good quality. Can't wait to keep the review updated!

	
  Absolutely love this product.  Had no isseus using consistently, non-stop. Must have accessory.

	
  Have a laptop with only 2 ports?  This is perfect to give you all you need. I bought an XP 13 and this is simple and exactly what you need for ports.

	
  Wanted this for meetings to connect my Spectre x360 via HDMI, as well as to expand the number of USB ports available when I was using a wireless mouse. Fit my needs perfectly. It was also a nice bonus how portable it is. Fits nicely in a small pouch I use to carry my mouse and stylus.

	
  This product is amazing! It is very compact and has a sleek design to it which makes it really cool. I was looking for something not too complex and for the price of this product, I am very pleased with the performance. Definitely recommend this product for everyday use!

	
  Super happy to find this product easy to travel with , and works perfectly price point amazon totally highly recommend very sturdy and the price it’s  very reasonable, they have an amazing customer service. It work just perfect for me and my work.

	
  Super easy setup.Needed and adapter for 2019 MacPro to be able to use a wireless mouse.Plugged the adapter into one of the Mac ports.  Plugged the mouse dongle into the adapter. The mouse woke up immediately eager to move the cursor on the screen . Works great. Good price.

	
  Works really well, if you use everything all at once (3 USB and HDMI) your computer may get a little hot from how hard its working. Does as it says. Cable that attaches to the computer is really strong, hard to move, probably best to not bend it too much.

	
  This is a compact addition to my new MacBook Pro that expands my capabilities which was greatly needed.I needed the USB ports the most but am planning on using the other features also.This supplier has a good product for a good price, fast shipping and I will be a return customer for them.

	
  This device is the perfect accessory for your laptop! It is small enough to pack, has enough ports that you can plug everything you need in and is sturdy enough to withstand frequent use! Great product at a great price!

	
  Good, product and has worked well so far (have had for a couple of months now). I ordered a similar product from another company that literally fell apart on the first use. I'm using it on my surface tablet and so far all connections work well and I get fast transfers of files.

	
  love it works great

	
  Great product

	
  Neat design and it color matches my Air Mac space gray color. All the ports work well, the only thing I could mention is that when I use the HDMI the image flickers a bit from time to time.Customer service is really good and they were following up with me to verify I was satisfied with the product.

	
  So I recently purchased this adapter and it has worked great and has every port I need.

	
  Worked as described on 2019 MacBook Pro. Mainly bought for the USB ports and and HDMI port.

	
  Having a metal case helps it seem more durable, a number of port options means I can have my keyboard, mouse, hdmi and printer all plugged in at once. Handy and works great so far.

	
  Works great, I love it and may buy a second one.

	
  Does what I wanted it to do!

	
  Really like this product, which has all the functionalities I need. The look is very nice as well.

	
  I really needed an adapter to connect all my wires to my computer and the Multiport Adapter is absolutely perfect.The HDMI port is what i was really interested in, but for the price, you cannot go wrong with this product!

	
  Works great for my iPad Pro - transferred gigs of data quickly

	
  I did not realize how much of a need I would have with this product until COVID19. My office is windows based. But my home is MAC IOS based. So to bring my printer and other office devices home to work, without the computer, saved me time and patience. The USB converter is amazing and good quality. No issues.

	
  This is rock solid - great construction, and a great value. I would highly recommend buying this as it is perfect.It is compact and great for travel. Buy this. 

	
  I like how this USB port plugs in without blocking the charging port, which was my problem with the last USB port I had. It offers a variety of ports, even ones for HDMI and SD cards. Would recommend for all you Apple users who are frustrated with the lack of USB port on the newer laptops.

	
  Ive used this product to transfer files to and from my professors.everything that is shown being used in the display is available very reliable I would recommend keeping the box that way you can have something protecting the USB C HUB when its tucked away.also I use this on my Microsoft pro device

	
  Works great! Look no further purchase this adapter

	
  Got a new laptop at work with only 1 USB port. Bought this to be able to connect multiple devices such as my mouse, phone, headphones, etc.  Works great and is small in size to be able to keep in my laptop bag and transport from home to office.

	
  It works well with my 2019 macbook air.  3 USB 3.0, 1 type-c USB, 1 4K HDMI , and 2 SD ports give me a lot of options to connect different devices.

	
  Seems fine after using it for a month or so. Haven't tested the HDMI feature yet, but the USB and card reader functions work well.

	
  Wow! I love this USB C port. It works just as described on the description. I recommend it to anyone. I use it with my new macbook pro 2019.

	
  The good folk at the Apple store didn't fully explain that my new laptop had NO usb ports. So I got home and was unable to connect my printer or other peripherals.  This Adaptor came quickly, and ha worked great.  I appreciate it's small profile.

	
  This is exactly the thing I was looking for. I love that it has all the ports necessary and the three USB ports come in handy when trying to connect multiple peripherals. I also really like the HDMI at the top. The material and overall build quality is outstanding. I would have liked it to come in various colors to match my silver MacBook but very minor thing in the end. 100% recommend!

	
  After a few weeks of having this adapter, there have been no problems whatsoever. It works exactly as intended and fits neatly tucked behind my desk. Seems fairly durable and did not require setup of any kind. I definitely recommend the purchase.

	
  This is exactly what I was looking for to add/adapt the ports on my MacBook Pro. Lightweight in my bag, simple to use.

	
  Works really well! I have a Surface Pro 7 which has a C-Port and one USB port. This allows me to connect with various outputs. I use it everyday to connect my surface pro to a second screen via HDMI and can put 3 other usb in and my camera sim card. Have had it for a few months without any issues.

	
  I ordered this item after borrowing a similar item from my brother.  I ordered because this version had more connection types.  I will really impressed with the size of the item.  When using my brother's, it was bulky and I had to remove my MAC cover to attach.  That was not the case with this item.  I highly recommend.

	
  This works just as a docking station and it costs a lot less.

	
  I liked that it has many ports and I use it for a 3.0 flash drive because the MacBook pro doesn't have any USB ports. This hub allows the use of more than one USB device. The ethernet port is a big PLUS.

	
  Nice adaptor. Reliable, good construction. HDMI is reliable.

	
  Versatile and easy-to-use product! This has eliminated the need to carry multiple different cables, since everything I need for my productivity can be accomplished with this hub. I’ve already recommended this product to friends and family and will continue to do so.

	
  I have had this product for about a month and it has worked so well. It supports all of the devices that I need to insert. I bought the space gray color. I only paid a fraction of the price that I would have paid at a large computer retailer. It was a great investment and worth the price.

	
  Very good quality materials and workmanship. Small and lightweight and easy to take with you. I have had it for over a year and still works fine.  I would definitely purchase again.

	
  I was looking for a way to attach multiple devices to my HP Laptop.  Although I would have liked a couple more USB ports, this hub has it all, plus a USB-C port for charging my laptop.  Other than it gets warm, no issues, I would buy again.

	
  Material quality is good, good for travelling. It would have been great if has 2 HDMI instead of 1.Overall it is a value for what I have paid.

	
  Works great! We have used it a lot to hook our computer up to our tv and zoom or play games and it’s perfect!

	
  Great Quality, purchased to have all of my devices on one side, no more wires wrapped around my laptop. No problems, just plug it in and done.

	
  It is well made and compact. Does not support power delivery, so if this is important for you, look elsewhere. All ports works as expected. I just wish connecting cable would be a bit longer though.

	
  This product works great. The only thing I might change is having it latch onto the side of the laptop instead of dangling to the side. However, having it hang to the side allows me to easily access my other built-in port and keep my laptop encasement. I love all the ports offered in this adapter and would definitely recommend it!

	
  This is a necessary attachment with any MacBook and MacBook Pro. This allows me to have a variety of things attached to my computer.  Worked immediately once plugged in.

	
  I was blown away at how easily this device stores away and how It makes it possible to keep all my devices connected to my new device . I would recommend this product . It seems to be of great quality .

	
  bought this to hook up a second monitor for new Macbook

	
  This has all the ports I needed and the best price I could find. The build quality seems to be solid. I'm very happy with my purchase!

	
  This product helps a lot connecting to monitor. No problems at all very portable and working great

	
  This is a great hub for MacBook. It has all ports that I need. Good quality, portable and works great.

	
  I really love this USB hub.  I use flash drives to back up my stuff, and sometimes I need to find something and not sure which flash I put it on so I can find my stuff a lot faster with this. It works great. Excellent product.

	
  It is an excellent option in the market, good materials, I have dropped several times and still working just as well, the price is great!

	
  Found one that can connect with my MOTO 'G7 phone and works well with other device's tech People😎

	
  This adapter/hub was easy to install and works very well. It it a must for people whose computer, or other device has only a UBC-C input.

	
  Works well, gives more accessibility to the Pixelbook.

	
  Does exactly what it says in the description.  No glitches, no hassles - plug & play.  Service was excellent, fast shipping.

	
  This USB C hub is perfect. I originally ordered a different style that plugged directly into my Mac without a cord and hated it. It always wanted to come unplugged while I was using it. This new USB hub however is great. It handles all of my devices at once including an sd card and external hard drive. Don't hesitate to buy this style of adaptor.

	
  I needed a hub to use for video editing on my 2019 MacBook Pro and this does not disappoint and has all the features I need.  Very convenient having a micro-SD slot in addition to the regular SD card slot.  I've only used it a couple times over the last 6 months, but it's worked like a charm every time so far.  It also fits perfectly in my laptop sleeve too which is a plus.

	
  This thing worked right out of the box. The price is really good compared to some of the other products that do the same thing. So I decided to take a chance on this one and am very glad I did.The quality is really good for the price. I wasn’t expecting it to be as solid as it is so I’m not afraid to pack it around in my bag.

	
  I am loving this adapter, it is easy to connect and works perfect.Lot better than my previous adapters.I seriously recommend this product

	
  Smaller than I thought, which was a bonus. Works as described. Including HDMI input!

	
  I purchased this product to be able to hook up my camera to my computer and I am not disappointed! It was a great purchase and so useful with its multiple ports. I couldn't have asked for a better piece of equipment for my computer. 10/10 would purchase again if I ever lose this one!

	
  This product is very handy for the new Macbook pro. Multiple ports, super light and compact, so its easy to carry. It also comes in space grey. Recommend this product.

	
  Very impressed with this product and it is just what I needed and more!

	
  I have a mac-mini and so this hub came in real handy to set up extra USB ports + other type of ports too.  Great for travel as well - light!

	
  Bought this before Corona virus for when I occasionally worked from home, glad to have had it the past few months. Works well and has all the ports you need. It feels high quality but is extremely reasonable priced. I've used this now for a few months without any issues, would definitely recommend.

	
  Good product. Works fine on my new Mac Book Pro.Very helpful since there is no any USB port on my laptop.

	
  I just purchased a Samsung tablet, and this is exactly what I needed. I can insert my SD card for my pictures during my travels, I can have a Bluetooth mouse, and any USB cord. I'm very impressed and happy with this product!

	
  I'm glad devices like this are made to fill in what Apple decides to leave off.

	
  Really like this hub as it’s very sturdy, and small to travel with. Yet with all the different ports, is very convenient. Will recommend this to my friends who multitask with different devices.

	
  All ports work great so far, very light weight, just wish there was a longer coord.

	
  Sleek and very portable, this is a necessity for those you have HDMI (External Monitor) , or USB devicessuch as a mouse or backup drives . Just plug in the older type devices into the FlePow Hub Pro and youare good to go.I have given this 5 stars even  without s a power "flow though" but I've managed without it.A fine product.

	
  This is a small, compact adapter for that is suitable for the MacBook Pro 16 that provides three USB 3.0 ports, both micro and SD card ports and HDMI. Does not have a USB C pass through port, but since the MacBook Pro 16 already has 4 of these it is not really needed. I would highly recommend this for use with the MacBook Pro.

	
  This USB Hub has everything you need. Super light, compact, and has every port I will ever need! I mainly needed it for a wireless mouse attachment for my new macbook air, but I am finding I am using it for other purposes as well. Just the other day we used the HDMI to get a movie playing on a TV without the right adapter. Great product.

	
  I use this pretty much every day. The 3 usb ports are great for peripherals and the cards readers are super fast for uploads of photos. I had to get another adapter for my monitor to the HDMI port but it works wells. Really happy that my laptop picks up the hubs quickly when I plug it in. Will buy another one for my other laptop.

	
  I had been looking for a way to extend my new Chromebook onto a second monitor. None of the stores in my area had anything and the stuff I did find was expensive. With this little device, I am not only able to use a second monitor but I am able to hook my old mouse and keyboard up as well. Turning my Chromebook into a more traditional desktop when I'm at home.

	
  Great product to have with any Mac. Makes things so much easier and organize.

	
  I understand Apple wanting to streamline their products, but it can be extremely inconvenient when interfacing with many other devices. This adapter is absolutely vital if you have a MacBook. It has all the components you need to connect with your computer. I love my computer, but I'm not sure I would love it as much if this hub didn't exist.

	
  This adaptor does its job well. I can easily use it at home and take it on a business trip. Very durable as well.

	
  We use this for connecting our flash drives, hdmi, and SD cards to our MacBook Pro. Love it, works flawlessly!

	
  Works as described. I use this one for cards and such, and the Anker one for ethernet and HDMI.

	
  Purchased this for my Microsoft Surface Laptop 3 and it has yet to fail me. Portable design for easy on-the-go access and enough USB ports to be functional from both a personal and professional standpoint.Added feature for the next product iteration that would be nice is another HDMI port for triple monitors.

	
  Definitely better than the last one I had. All of the peripherals I have work more efficiently using this hub.

	
  A must for the new MacBook. The size is great for travel.  I use it with my Bluetooth travel mouse.

	
  Perfect. Performs as described. Makes life easier in today’s environment where power plugs, etc are constantly changing.

	
  It is a nice all-in-one adapter for USB-C laptops, tablets, and phones. I tested it with my 2019 MacBook Pro. All the functions that I tested worked exactly as expected. It seems to be built with quality and it is very affordable compared to those products that have the same functionality but double the price.So far I'm very satisfied with this product.

	
  The adaptor is easy to take around, it is very easy to attach and remove. Easily distinguished from less effective adaptors. High performance and durability, the product is very essential, especially for everyday macbook users like myself that can grab this adaptor, and be able to charge my phone, plug in USB plugs, and even use it to for other types of wired products. Without this product my macbook would not be as user friendly as it is.

	
  I use this hub to make various connections to my 16" MBP. So far I'm using the power port, the HDMI port for a monitor, the USB port for a USB hub with many device connections, and one of the USB-C ports with an ethernet adapter for my network. All have been working fine.

	
  Got this for my new MacBook Pro and it has been very useful! Great price too! Amazing quality!

	
  Preliminary observation and quick plug-in I think this is going to be a great  multiport USB C hub.  We'll see. No more from me on this item means all is good.

	
  I bought this for a 2019 MacBook Pro I recently purchased. I wanted a hub that would satisfy all my current and likely future use cases, and this hub happened to have everything I needed at the cheapest price. I wasn't expecting much, but it's actually a really solid build quality - feels like it should be 2-3 times the price (what similar hubs are selling for in retail stores in my area).

	
  Have not had any issues with the adapter. Matches the color to my laptop - and the cord has enough length where it’s close to the computer but still gives you room to adjust if needed. Would recommend.

	
  So far this adaptor has worked as advertised. I even ran an external dvd player through it.  The HDMI works portion works well, as does the SD card.

	
  Product as described and advertised. After a month of use i had no problems with the adapter.Also used it to transfer files from Micro sd and sd ports and the speed was more than ok.I would buy this product again. it is nice to have with you because you never know how many ports you will need when out of the office.

	
  This is a handy little device to have in your travel bag.  It is useful and interfaces to many devices and does not require a separate power supply.

	
  solid and durable, everything works right. haven't tested if its 3.0 but it charges things fast and the data transfer doesn't seem slow.

	
  Very useful for transferring data when the ports you have are limited. Particularly useful for macs because they lack ports. I use this for my laptop which has a microusb port.Build quality is also very nice.

	
  Pros - inexpensive; works with latest mac; small and portable; can be used to connect iphone, sd card to mac.

	
  All of the outlets work at the same time, and without the use of a power supply.  No problems at all.  Small and lightweight.  Very portable.

	
  I was pleasantly surprised the card reader was reading my SD card at up to 80mbs. All the ports work as advertised.

	
  I recently bought a Macbook Pro and the only ports it has is 2 USB-C, and a headphone jack. I needed more options for future projects so I ordered this.  Saw the good reviews and liked the price so I decided to order it. Recieved it and tested it out with some sd cards, hdmi, usb, and even my phone and it easily handled everything and now I have alot more options for media with my Macbook. I recommend this!

	
  This is a great USBc adapter device both for travel and at home, has multiple usb ports as well as hdmi, and sd ports. Lightweight and sturdy. All you will ever need to connect your USBc computer to almost any other device; great value

	
  I was looking for a good solution for the limited  connections my new MacBook Air had. This was it! After returning a cheaper brand, spending a few dollars more was worth it. It is fast and well made. I have no worries just throwing it in my bag. This is heavy duty material and lightweight. Matched my MacBook perfectly. I highly recommend it.

	
  Much sturdier than the adapter that came with my laptop. So far, so good but it’s only been used a couple of times in the few weeks I have had it.

	
  Ordered this product in January to connect my laptop with  a desktop monitor and  my printer.- Have had no problems at all.I would definitely order this again.

	
  I’ve only used the HDMI port, so I can’t comment on the functionality of the other ports, but it works well if you’re looking to connect an external display to your (USB-C) MacBook. The build quality seems good. My only critique would be that I wish the short cable were a bit more flexible. Other than that, I really can’t complain about it.

	
  This is the Swiss army knife for laptops. I can simultaneously connect my headphones, 2 external harddrives and download video from my SD card. I've also used this to connect my laptop to a TV using the HDMI port on this. Well, worth the money.

	
  I needed a way to read the full-sized SD card from my old camera in my new laptop which only has a micro SD card reader. This Multiport Adapter provides that capability along with 3 USB 3.0 ports that I also find very useful for my existing external drive, mouse, and keyboard. It's nice looking, compact, and lightweight. I don't currently use the HDMI port, but I did try it out and it also works just fine.

	
  When I bought my MacBook, I was told that USB-C is the future. While this seems to be proving true slowly, it was such a nuisance not being able to plug a flash drive into my computer for a big interview presentation or plug an SD card in from a new camera I purchased. This has helped me tremendously! I love it, it's lightweight and it works great.

	
  At first I was a little concerned as the price was very low.  But now that I have it I am glad I bought it.It is constructed well, works with OSX on MacBook Air, Windows 10 on Acer Laptop and even works with Hackintosh.Just a great little travel hub.

	
  I bought this adapter a year ago for work, and when I got a Mac at home, I didn't think twice about buying one for here too. This adapter is so easy to use and does a great job of enabling HDMI for my MacBook Air. I have also used the USB outlets, and was pleased to find that those also worked well.It's super lightweight and doesn't add to the burden of carrying around electronics while traveling. I recommend it.

	
  I recently purchased this adapter as I needed to be able to attach a portal hard drive to my new Macbook. This did exactly what I needed it to. The great thing about this particular adapter is it also allows you to connect HDMI. As someone who regularly uses a projector as part of my job, being able to easily connect to HDMI is important. This does everything I need.

	
  Ordered this for my HP x360 Spectre. This thing worked perfectly for my needs. I was able to expand my USB ports and output my HDMI so I could show photos from my screen to the TV for family. The device is small so it's easily portable and I've had no problems so far with my Windows 10 system.

	
  This multipart adapter has been great to use! My 2009 laptop finally died in 2019 and regardless of new laptops I looked it, there were simply not enough ports (had 4 to 1). This adapter provides me with additional ports so I can do more (i.e. transfer photos from my phone to external harddrive). Very happy so far. Will update this review as I am able to use it more.

	
  A lot less expensive than some models out there. It has all the ports you want and need and the materials are a match to the space gray MacBook Pro. With Apple not using regular ports anymore this is a must have accessory for any Macbook owner! I highly recommend!!!

	
  An amazing hub! Especially for newer MacBook Pro models that do not have any sort of USB ports. Very durable feeling and made of great metal like material. Easy to use as well, just plug in and use.

	
  I use one of the usb-A ports for an ethernet-usb adapter; works great with my XPS13. 4k@30hz works great (usb-c doesn't support 4k@60 + data over the same wire; have to get a dedicated adapter for that). No spot for input power, but that's as advertised and it's much cheaper than options with power.

	
  I recently purchased a new mac mini that has 4 thunderbolt ports but only 2 USB ports — this gave me three more USB as well as a card reader which has been super useful!  Could definitely use a 4th USB port but other than that I really can't think of anything else that could be better about this product.

	
  This works great for expanding the capability of your iPad Pro. I can charge, add USB for files sharing, and link by HDMI to my TV or other component. The case is lightweight aluminum and feels a little 'lightweight', however it has held up great traveling in my computer bag and being used regularly. Overall, a great addition to have with your iPad and brings a fantastic level of added functionality.

	
  I needed something that's easy to travel with and this thing is excellent. Picture quality from the hdmi is perfect. I have to hookup my laptop frequently so this make life so much easier and I don't have to worry about damaging the USB and HDMI connections directly on my laptop. I may have to buy a second one!

	
  I'm a digitech for photographers and often hand  over my iPad to clients to review images and upload their own files from USB or SD/CF cards - I use this hub to back up images on my iPad on set and no one needs an explainer on how to use the hub regardless who I hand it to. Thanks for help make my assisting rig a lot lighter!I still want to test an extra display with this hub but haven't had the chance.

	
  Great and a necessary item if you are a Mac user. Works perfect if used with a case to protect your MacBook were a regular dongle won’t fit properly. This item works great as it should. This the same job as other dongles that cost 3-4 times more.

	
  I bought this for my tablet so I could use it basically as a laptop and it works amazing, it fits my Galaxy tab s4 and my galaxy S9. So far it works great no delay and smaller than I had originally thought! definitely recommend especially for small spaces or limited desk space

	
  When I got my new macbook pro, I loved everything about it other than the fact that I couldn't plug in any of my ports until I came across this product and it made my life so much easier. It has all the ports you will ever need and it is all packed into a small package which is the best part. I use this product for school and it fits right into my bag and works perfectly every single time. It has never given me any problems and the build quality is really good and I would definitely buy this product again.

	
  My son got a Lenovo Yoga for college. It does not have very many traditional USB ports nor did he buy a docking station. The dongle is small and efficiently does what it needs to do for a good price.

	
  This been a great buy! I love my laptop, but it just didn't have the adapters I needed and was used to (USB, mainly 😉). So this little adapter has been just what I needed. It works great and I love all the different things you can plug into it. Never had any problem with it. I'm not the most tech savvy person, but my husband is and he doesn't have any complaint's either. Says it works great and gets the job done!

	
  I bought this to use with my Ipad pro with the USB-C port.I wanted to use it for easy plug and play , streaming to TV and download photos from SD card.This works brilliantly.I have used it with Iphone, SD card and connected to TV at same time without any issue.I will be using next with a keyboard for typing on the Ipad pro.Very useful and highly recommended.

	
  This USB C hub was the third I've purchased. The reason being the other two, both of similar price point, were duds that crapped out after a couple weeks/months. This one has proven more reliable and of far better quality and I don't expect to be purchasing another for a long time.

	
  I bought this to add connectivity between my computer and other devices. It works great. It's small and easy to transport. All other devices connect easily and work well. I would buy this again.

	
  I had originally purchased 2 small USB-C to USB converters, which worked well; but I had to plug them in individually.  They were so tiny that i lost both of them while traveling :( As opposed, am quite happy with this product.- It works well,- has all the important connectivity options and-had 3 USB hubs.-It's compact enough to carry along everywhere and won't get lost easily.Exactly what I needed!

	
  I bought a new laptop that uses the usb c port and this item turns one port into many.  I can charge my computer while charging my phone, portable charger and so much more .  It's also very light and thin so it slides right in my laptop case.  Would definitely recommend.

	
  I had a different multiport that kept losing connection. This one has no issues whatsoever and makes it so easy to access multiple things at one time without loss of connection or speed. I would definitely recommend this product.

	
  I recently upgraded to a MacBook Pro, which has only USB-C ports. This meant that I had to also upgrade my adapters so I could still give presentations on the road. This hub is a great addition, and by using only one of the USB-C ports, it provides all the inputs needed for HDMI, old-fashioned USB ports, plus it even has receptacles for SD and Micro-SD storage cards, so I can easily display photos, videos, and files that folks have on these media. The hub is compact and takes up very little space, which is important for presentations on the go. I highly recommend this addition to anyone's Road Warrior toolbox.

	
  I'm primarily comparing this hub to one of my previously purchased hubs, the HooToo 6-in-1 (https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B072268Q68/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_search_asin_title?ie=UTF8&psc=1).Compared to that one, this hub has similar speeds. It has 1 MicroSD slot instead of the 100W DC-in port of the other one. This hub doesn't heat up over time in use or passively plugged in.Asides from those comparisons, this hub works as you would expect a hub to, plug and play, supports multiple connections at once on USB (not multiple SD cards at the same time).Overall, it's small, doesn't heat up, and works well. I recommend it for general use and traveling!

	
  I got the adapter for my 2017 MacBook Air (13.3 in. display). The quality of the adapter was high, didn't feel like plastic. The three USB ports worked well, and all three can be used at once. I was worried the adapter would make it difficult to charge, while using the adapter, but there was a good amount of space between the two connectors so you can charge and use the adapter at the same time. The SD and MicroSD ports are useful for transferring pictures from phones and cameras. Haven't had a chance to use the HDMI port though. Not sure if it will be travel proof since there will be a lot of bending of the wire, but seems to hold well so far. Overall very useful and portable.

	
  I have tried other USB Hubs that would not stay attached well but this hub stays attached to the computer well. It also has several ports that makes it easy use multiple items at the same time. My wife bought this for her new computer that has no USB ports and she is a professional photographer. She is always using multiple external hard drives at the same time and this device makes that easy. Great device!

	
  Excellent product for getting around Apple's mistakes. Adds the USB ports needed for use in work and or college/school environments. Made of good quality materials. I would buy again If I had a need.

	
  This little device is perfect - especially when a lot of us are working from home. I can plug in my external monitor, mouse, and flash drive all using the same one port on my Macbook. I can charge my laptop at the same time easily. Only one device to carry around and it is small and light. I use this constantly and haven't had any issues with it.

	
  Needed a USB hub for the new MacBook Air laptop doesn't have a single USB port on it. It's very frustrating when technology keeps trying to force you into the "cloud" for all your photos, videos & files. I'm old school in wanting to keep paper copies of important information and use an SD card when I take photos and videos. This USB hub multipart adapter works great transferring data efficiently. It also seems to be well built and is small enough to carry with me on trips.

	
  I really like this USB hub. It serves the purpose well of giving me a memory card slot so I can upload photos from my DSLR to my new MacBook which has no USB or anything. I teach yearbook, so I use this a lot!

	
  Nice. To connect usb A to usb c in my mb pro.Will buy again to have a spare one (it will break eventually, by its nature) as it looks like it can break due to the fact that as I use it, it hangs from the cable. That's not an issue with other people but in my case it is.

	
  Perfect USB C hub for a Macbook Air.  Allows for connection of three USB 3.0 devices, one SD card and one Micro SD card, and one 4K HDMI.  It solved the problem of having to pair a new Mac with older classroom equipment.  It also allows me to easily move files and photos between devices.  Plug-and-play makes it easy to use out of the box.  Small size, light weight, and durability make it portable and allow me to carry it in my bag daily.  This is a great hub for a great price and I'm glad that I made the purchase.  All pros and no cons after 6 months of use.

	
  This very portable attachment works great for accessing and/or charging other electronics to my Macbook Pro. I've used the SD card port to transfer photos and the USB ports to access and charge my iPhone, to attach flash drives and an external DVD drive with no issues. I haven't used the other ports yet but it's great to know they are there if I need them. It's super easy to use, just plug it in and you are good to go. I store it in a padded pocket of my laptop bag so it's always available if I need it. I highly recommend this product.

	
  Seems great! This has the exact configuration of ports that I needed. I got one with a cord rather than a direct mount so I can hide the cords under my desk. For travel and photography I would prefer a smaller one with just a memory card slot and without a cord. I don't notice any speed delays with my external hard drive but I have not done an actual test. The space gray matches Apple's space gray and the style and feel of it is sleek.

	
  Pretty great adapter. Does its job. I like that it has an LED so you know when it’s connected. Haven’t travelled with it yet. It is a little awkward to use since you have a lot of wires coming from the computer with this and everything connected, but that isn’t the adapter’s fault per se. I’ve been using it a lot, and it’s a great adapter for the money!

	
  I  purchased a new computer that required USB C interface. I travel all the time. So I need a compact but durable hub. So after reading the reviews I selected the FlePow USB C Hub. After I received it I liked it so much I purchased a second unit so I always had it in my travel case.JCv

	
  Love the feel of this product first of all; it definitely feels more high end than other USB hubs I've seen. I've been using it for about 4 months now, and it works seamlessly with every connection, every time. Love this hub. If you own a new model Macbook, this product is a MUST HAVE. Last note, it doesn't overheat like other USB hubs I've seen either. You will love this thing.

	
  This is the best usb-c hub I have ever tried. I use it for my MacBook Pro that doesn't have regular usb ports anymore. I like the HDMI connector the most, I sometimes use Airplay to connect my MBP to the big screen tv but this HDMI connector in this usb hub does a better job than airplay. I also like the microsd card reader which is super fast in reading and transferring photos and videos. The material is durable, I take it to my trips abroad, so far no problem with unpackaging  and repacking during travels. I definitely highly recommend this usb c hub.

	
  Very functional variety of ports. Great as a traveling accessories, use it to show your photos and videos on large displays using the HDMI out. Plug in USB devices.  I use it primarily on my phone it also work on newer laptops that only have one USB type-c ports on them.

	
  Sleek design with awesome functionality. Just what I need for portability as I am often setting up my computer for presentations outside of my office. My MacBook has limited ports and this is exactly what I need. It has each port I needed and the HDMI works flawlessly. USB-C is super easy to use and I love that it is reversible. My setup includes using several of the USB ports (my MacBook does not have enough and also has no older USB ports). I also use the HDMI to drive external displays.

	
  Had to figure this work from home full time thing out and needed at least two monitors to do it. Had an expensive hub at work that i couldnt find online. this worked with my dell latitude 7400 with Windows 10. Just received it 30m ago. Looked at the size of it and just knew that it wouldnt work. I was wrong.

	
  Since I’ve started working from home, I bought this device so I could connect a second large-screen monitor to my work laptop.  It also has additional USB ports which I use to plug in my mouse and keyboard. So I guess you could say I’m using it as a docking station of sorts, but at a fraction of the cost! Works great, highly recommend!

	
  I recently bought this item mostly because it was the cheapest on the market. Usually an item that is cheap never ends up being of high quality, this is where this item stands out. The quality was great, and it worked as it should have. I'm a college student and it is very easy for me to carry this around day in and day out for when I'm in need of some extra usb ports or even another hdmi port so that I can use a double monitor setup. Overall, this is a great product and I would highly recommend to someone who has a laptop with which doesn't have many usb ports, or an hdmi port.

	
  I travel a lot and this fits in pretty well with my cable organizer in my backpack. Connector is quality, aluminum body construction to endure getting knocked around, usb ports are spaced  well for those slightly larger profile cased usb drives.  As it stands seems like a good product.  I still need to road test it for a bit.  We shall see.

	
  I used it with my Surface Pro when I needed to travel to Africa and wanted to connect with my camera and an external hard drive, so it's very portable.  But I also use it at home to connect my Surface Pro to my 2 monitors as well!  One of the best hubs I have ever used!

	
  I just bought a macbook pro and obviously needed one of these adapters. I almost bought a $50 one before I bought these and I'm glad I didn't. This cost me $22 and it does everything I wanted. It's fast, light and it also has a nice design, even better than the expensive ones. Great buy!

	
  I admit I was a little shocked when I bought TWO apple laptops for my teenagers - well over $1600 a piece and they don't even have PORTS to plug things in - ARE WE KIDDING APPLE?  And if not - not even to include one with the system?  APPLE IS ALL ABOUT the $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$Anyways - THIS DEVICE IS AMAZING!  compact, so many ports, easy to use and affordable!  This little thing is a wonder in itself!  Don't think twice - grab it!

	
  Not sure whether this is categorized as an adapter or a dock.  In any case, it doesn't matter because of convenience.  It allows the user to plug into a USB C port and vastly extend the capabilities of it.  There are three USB 3 ports couple with two card readers.  I have found this to be a quality item.

	
  This is really helpful for all of the new laptops that switched to USB -C without providing and free dongles to customers converting to the new design. Although I wish the adapter cord was a little longer, it works great and has no issues with my MacBook or Dell laptops.

	
  I got this hub for my Macbook Pro 2019 version. I was completely amazed on how simple it is to use and everything works fine. It works even better for me that i have the a 2019 iPad Pro with the USB c port and this makes traveling with my ipad even easier. As a vlogger, I can keep all my camera gear, this adapter and my ipad with me in one backpack and works perfectly. Highly recommend this product for anyone who needs a quick adapter.Just note that this does not charge your devices so just keep that in mind but for me, most of the time my devices are fully charged anyway.

	
  I bought this usb c hub just in case i needed it for commuting. When covid-19 and we went remote, it lived attached to my macbook 24/7 with a Logitech webcam and secondary hdmi monitor attached to it for 14 straight weeks.Not once did it ever have a connection issue.Highly recommend!

	
  I recently purchased a Dell XPS 2-in-1 and it only comes with a USB-C slot. I bought this device so I can use it for my mouse, HDMI, etc. I have had this device for about 5 months and use maybe about 3 days a week. It still looks new and does its job well. The material feels okay, does not feel cheap nor heavy. I usually tuck it in the pocket of my laptop case and carry it around to coffee shops, etc. Overall I am pleased with this purchase and will recommend.

	
  This USBC HUb has worked well since I bought it in Feb  2020. I like that i don't have to have multiple adapters to keep track of and plug in when I need them. One issue is when I plug in a device into the adapter that needs power there is a very hi pitched  squealing sound that comes from the adapter it self. Not sure what it is but it doesn't seem to effect the performance of this unit.

	
  This is a fantastic USB C hub. Macbook Pros lack so many ports on their new models, and the adapters apple suggest you use are so expensive after you've already paid the premium for owning one of their computers. This affordable, well built, and functional USB C Hub is light weight, and durable. I would recommend this to anyone needing more ports for their computer needs!

	
  The item was ordered this for a trip to Arizona because I am a photographer and took advantage of the opportunity for taking pics.  I was able to upload pics daily from card to my Surface.  I always like to backup pictures daily just in case.  I can also use to attach wireless devices to the Surface.  Great device that takes up very little room in the bag.

	
  The C hub is light and compact. It is super easy to carry. It has multiple uses, it has 3 usb ports, one memory card port, and one HDMI port. The best of this product is that not only the quality is good, but also it lets you use it while charging. I highly recommend this product and I will definitely buy it again.

	
  This is the first USB hub I've used that actually let you run multiple devices simultaneously and didn't bog down. In particular, I have an external SSD plugged in as well as a SD card and mouse receiver, and I have had a second external drive plugged in, and both drives worked at the same time. Most USB hubs would not work with external drives like that.

	
  I thought using this product was going to be more complicated than it was. I just plugged one end into my phone, inserted a USB drive into one of the slots, and then downloaded a video I took onto the flash drive. Now I can share the flash drive with friends so that they can upload the video onto their computers.

	
  I bought this for my Chromebook since my Chromebook only has a single USB Type-A port and a Type-C port. The type-A port is taken up by a wireless mouse so when I need to plug in an external hard drive now I can use this USB Type-C hub. I picked this hub since it doesn't just provide USB type-A ports, it also has SD card slot which I can use to download pictures from my DSLR's memory card, in addition, it also has an HDMI port which I can use to connect to an external display. These features work great, and the build quality is also good, the body is made of metal and the hub feels sturdy . I'm happy with my purchase.

	
  I have only used this for the USB port for my flash drives so I cannot say about the other ports, but so far it's doing the job. It is a little awkward when you're not on a flat surface and the hub is just dangling next to your laptop, but it is manageable. I like how it came in the colors of the macbook so it matches. I also like how there are 7 ports for everything you might need. I recommend getting this hub if you have one of the newer macbooks.

	
  This little gem fit the bill. I added an external monitor to my MacBook Air which has NO USB ports and using this, I am able to connect the monitor using HDMI, external DVD burner/player, scanner, and still have room for a third USB device. Have not used either card slots yet but I am certain they will work well.

	
  I recently bought this adaptor for my new 2019 MacBook Air and am so glad I purchased it.I recently upgraded from a 2013 MacBook Air to the 2019 MacBook Air andI was bummed when I initially bought this computer because of the fact there are few outlets to charge things and plug things into on it.The adaptor allows me to charge my phone, use my external hard drive, power the actual machine, and download pics from my camera all at once- which is a game changer when using my computer!

	
  I love this product I just recently purchased  MacBook Pro and failed to look at the ports, and realized that all my cables would not work with it. So I search your site and found this one to be very good and very inexpensive and it works very well. It covers all my needs. So much so that my classmates have ordered them also. Will be ordering another as a back up.

	
  I really like this hub! The reason I bought it in the first place was because the new macbook didn't come with any USB, HDMI, or SD card ports and so I had to get some kind of adapter. I'm pretty pleased with this one because first of all it comes with so many different ports so it better than having to go and get separate adapters for each thing, its a good price for what your getting and it's pretty small and sleek. I can just carry this around in my laptop bag and it barely ways a thing! I've only had this for 2 weeks or so but i've been using it pretty regularly and it works for everything. Whenever you plug any USB in its a bit snug and at first it might seem like you can plug it in but it works just fine!

	
  I use this little USB adapter when traveling with my MacBook Pro, as I have a full-featured docking station kind of thing at home. This does the trick of giving me the classic USB ports on a Mac that only has USB-C. Speeds for USB 3.0 flash drives and the SD card reader are all good. I haven't use the HDMI much, but have tested to confirm that it works fine. I've also tested all the features on my work Dell laptop so I'm confident they works with Windows 10 as well. All in all, this does exactly what I need it to do, and the price is right.

	
  This arrived today and I've been using it through the day. It feels solidly made- some other adapters I've used in the past feel like cheap plastic that could break any time, but this feels like a good, durable item with a little weight to it.The name is a little misleading, because it's really a 6-in-1 adapter. Assuming you use this like most will (with the USB-C cable plugged into your device) you get three USB 3 ports, an HDMI adapter and 2 card readers. I'm currently only using this for the USB ports and the HDMI port, which is 99% of the reason I bought this. So far, it's working perfectly for my usage scenario

	
  I wasn’t really sure if this USB-C Hub was going to work for my needs or how big it would be. I purchased a Microsoft Surface Pro X and most of the reviews were for apple products. I was surprised when it finally arrived to see how small and light it was. It works perfectly for my needs as well. With the ability to connect my cameras SD card and an HDMI for presentations, I’m all set. I highly recommend this hub.

	
  *revised as HDMI now works with Catalina update!* This is a really nice quality product and looks great with the new 16" space grey macbook pro. I initially had trouble with just the HDMI port but it was a bug with Catalina - I updated to the latest Catalina and the HDMI works great! It's super light and I've been taking it to class and putting it in and out of my backpack (with a lot of other stuff in there) and it's still like new. Definitely recommend :)

	
  I purchased this to get my home office set up once remote-work began during the pandemic.  This turns my new-ish Macbook into a powerhouse computer, able to use just one of the precious USB-C ports into a fully functional docking station.  The hub has worked well to hook up to my Philips monitor, external hard drives, conferencing camera, and a microSD card every day, without fail.  Highly recommend this product.

	
  I bought this type-C adapter and I very happy about that. The first reason why I need this adapter is because I use Lenovo Yoga 730 computer and it has only two USB ports.  the second reason was, I daily use a desktop monitor, so it's a very annoying plug and unplug all my devices from the computer then I want just grab my laptop and put it into a bag.So this adapter saves my time and life. Now I have a clean setup ner my laptop, I have 5 USB  ports if I need it. And finally, if I need to grab my laptop what I need to just unplug my adapter ant my laptop is free from wires. I defiantly recommend this item and seller, good price, fast shipping and good product.

	
  I've bought a few other USB C hubs for my work computers, but the connectors where they get plugged in always seemed to come loose easily, or the wires would be faulty and drop the connection (a huge problem when you're transferring files to a backup drive!). This adapter solves all my previous problems, and even seems to transfer faster than the other ones I've used. I travel with it and it's been dropped a few times and it's still going strong. I ended up buying a second one for my personal laptop and I recommend it to basically everyone looking for a C hub.

	
  I got this for my new MacBook Pro and have been using it the past few months, and it works great.I watched a co-worker struggle with a similar multiport adapter connecting to different monitors. I have never run into an issue with this model and have connected everything from USB mics, USB audio adapters, HDMI 4k monitors, SD cards, and external harddrives. Nothing I have plugged in has given me trouble.Has a solid construction and at first I was extra careful with the cable portion as I am used to Apple cables which bend and then start to break after a few months time. This one has shown no signs that the cable portion will start to fall apart.

	
  I used this to hookup older hardware to my work issued new Dell XPS Laptop that I received in January, 2020. Since the laptop had only the USB-C hookups and one SD Card port, I needed an adapter like this to use my legacy equipment.Virtually all my ancillary hardware was older USB style hookups, thumbdrives, an SD Card that I rarely use anymore, and an HDMI monitor. All items worked from the first time I hooked them up with no issues. I used my wireless Mouse, thumb drives with the Monitor hookup all the time without any issues. I did check out the SD Card I mentioned above and had no problems with its operation either.My laptop was loaded with Windows software and had absolutely no issues. I know many of the reviews I read were for Apple products, but I only use Windows/Office 365.I highly recommend this product.

	
  This was the perfect addition to my Macbook Air. I was initially frustrated by the lack of ports on the computer and the clunky adapters that you find in stores, but this solved every problem i had. The number of ports and the variety means that all i have to do is throw this in the bag and go. The metal body matches the computer so you still get the sleek feel you have with a mac. At first i was annoyed with the small cord attached (other items are available without it), but you are not always in the idea working location and this gives you the flexibility to work on uneven surfaces and not worry about side loading the ports.I would recommend for anyone buying a macbook

	
  I love my new MacBook Pro but I don't really enjoy the USB-C port because most of my other devices (printer, external hard drive, phone chargers...) require a classic USB port. For a little more than the Mac USB-C to USB Adapter, I decided to invest in the "USB C Hub Multiport Adapter". I love it ! Plug it and you can now use all your classic USB at the same time. It is very portable (fit easily in my small computer carrying case). I didn't try the SD card reader yet, but I am very happy with the USB-C to USB. Love it so much that I bought a second one for my husband. I also tried the HDMI port and it works great. During the quarantine, I was really happy to be able do watch my online-yoga class on my TV thanks to this feature. Cherry on the cake the color is matching my MacBook.

	
  I recently purchased a new MacBook Pro. While it offers 4 USB C ports, that's all it offers. So I purchased this adapter. I totally love its sleekness! It easily fits into a pocket in my laptop bag. It handles my USB drives with ease and speed. We've also enjoyed the HDMI port allowing me to stream HD videos with amazing clarity and no lag whatsoever. I am very satisfied with the quality, portability, and reliability of this adapter. I highly recommend.

	
  I love that this item contains enough ports to connect to a second monitor, charge a phone, connect another USB drive at the same time. We use it all the time with our macbook.Update: It has been about 8 months since we purchased and two of the USB ports have stopped working. We confirmed they don't work because when we immediately plug in a different adapter, our accessories start functioning as they ought and the computer recognizes them. We have taken good care of this adapter and are frustrated with this performance. Will not be buying again.

	
  I bought this item for my new Mac Air. I was traveling on a business trip and needed additional connections.  It functions very well, is light, well constructed, and easy to pack.  My only advice would be to increase the connection cable a few inches, adding connections can get a little tight to the Mac. I would recommend this item to anyone needing a USB-C connection. It's very reasonably priced (I looked at the Apple store first), was delivered on time, and I've had no problems.

	
  As far as dongles go you can't go wrong with this one. Unless you need ethernet that is. But dongles with ethernet are often way bigger and cost much more than this one. So for the few times I need it it didn't seem worth it. This is kind of a barebones dongle, containing only exactly what you need. No USB-C ports with pass through charging etc. This is just the perfect dongle to throw in your bag and use when you least expect it. Though I've found myself using it a lot.

	
  This is a good hub. I use it with my mac book pro. I did have issues like wifi going down like other hubs that I tried like one from Gator. I had a issue with the monitor to detect hdmi. But that was the monitor issue and not the hub. It took me a good one week to figure that out. The problem is if your monitor has hdmi to auto detect, it did not work as expected. But when I made it to manual selection, the monitor was detected when I manually select the source. So all in all, I am happy with my purchase. I always have this connected and it works like a charm.

	
  My HP Elite notebook has one too few regular USB ports (when used without the docking station) and a display port output but no HDMI. But it does have an extra USB-C. This dongle is now my standard travel companion. Rather than taking along a USB-C converter and a DP to HDMI converter I just take this thing and it gives me several extra USB ports and a card reader plus i can plug in either HDMI or DP (never know what you gonna get at a meeting room). Pretty good deal.

	
  Owning a MacBook (that I love) has also been challenging in terms of attaching other external items like a flash drive or a memory card or an external hard drive or anything. I literally had so many different attachments for all of the different items and that was very annoying and time-consuming. This was the 1 attachment that could sync everything. SO much easier. And perfect to travel with. Done and done!

	
  I was very unsure about this tiny device working on my MacBook especially for the price. Shame on Apple for making consumers buy other devices to work with their system.My husband was going to buy one for a lot more, but I said let's try this one. He is a DJ and it works wonders!! It even helped him output for a projector to show videos. Awesome deal as far as cost and size. It so far is getting the job done.

	
  I enjoy the fact that there are multiple ports for multiple uses for my laptop. I was used to having USB ports from my previous laptop. So it was alien to me having only one port for my MacBook 12" (late 2017). I enjoy that I can use it for different USB's and cables for my cellphone! It is definitely not bulky and small enough to place in the laptop bag for travel.

	
  Very light and compact.  I purchased this specifically for using an HDMI cable so I could use my large TV as a second monitor.  Convenient that there are extra USB ports as well as two card reader slots.  The addition of one or more USBC ports would make this the perfect companion to my new MacBook Air.

	
  I bought this for my iPad Pro and got it a couple days ago. It works perfectly with it, my main use is to transfer photos and videos which works. When you plug it in, the iPad automatically recognizes it. It even works with my kids Nintendo switch when they don’t have a dock and it works with their usb controller. I forgot to mention if you don’t have an Apple TV this works when you connect it to the tv. Overall good stuff

	
  My laptop doesn't have standard USB ports....just the USB C sized...so I had to get an adapter right off the bat. It worked fine until I realized I needed an SD card port, which it didn't have. I found this one in an Amazon search, and am happy to say that it covers all my needs at the moment and some extra that I will probably find out I need at some point down the line. It's great for travel, too! Highly recommend it!

	
  I purchased this so that I could connect my Macbook Pro laptop to a second screen  (via HDMI) and an external microphone (via USB). It works great for these purposes, and for times when you need to transfer files via USB drive. I don't use a camera with an SD-card often, but it's nice to have when you do need it and works reliably.Note that this hub does not have a USB-C port for charging, but my laptop has two USB-C inputs so it's not an issue; I can connect this and the charger at the same time. If you have a laptop with just one USB-C port you may want to consider an option that allows simultaneous charging, but for the price this is a great option.

	
  I ordered this USB C hub to use with my MacBook Pro (16-inch, 2019). It's compact enough to travel easily with me in any of my travel bags. My MBP is gray as is the adapter, so the color coordination is a plus. The product is simple, plug and play and all connected components work no problem. I use the USB ports for many USB devices, including storage devices, phone charges, wireless keyboards/mouse. The HDMI and SD slots work seamlessly as well.  I would definitely recommend the product and would purchase again if needed.

	
  I got this initially to use with my new MacBook to be able to read SD cards. I was happy to be able to use a mouse when I had special project the was a pain to do with just a trackpad.I may need to get a second one for my daughter, she came to work from our home during the pandemic. She was able connect her laptop and  phone to a flatscreen giving a much easier work station, that was easy to set up without a problem. It works great.

	
  I have been using this adapter for over a month without any issues. I use it to connect my iPhone and iPad to my Mac and also connect my SD card from my digital camera to transfer and edit photos on my MacBook. Haven’t used the HMDI port so not sure how that works, but all other ports I have used have worked and never delayed when using like many other adapters.

	
  love the small hub that hooks up to my USB-C port on my PC so I can plug in legacy USB devices.  The instructions say to not use wireless mouse USB so I have that plugged into a separate USB port with an adapter.  I also like that my SD cards plug directly into it.  If you are looking for a USB-C HUB, look no further.  I highly recommend this one.

	
  I ordered this USB-c hub shortly after I got my MacBook because school was starting up and that meant presentations and USB sticks. I've had it for about 3 months now and it's been working perfectly!I haven't had the opportunity yet to use the HDMI-port, but I'm sure it works just as good as the USB and SD card slots.There were no issues with formatting or any of that and my documents transferred without any problems from my MacBook to Windows computers.The one thing I would've liked to see done differently is how the cord just kind of sticks out, maybe if there was some kind of case that the hub came in, or a kind of slot you can click the cord in when you're not using it, that would've been handy!

	
  Great piece of equipment, has all the ports I needed and then some. A must if your laptop came equipped with only USB C.  Very well built, appears to be a long-lasting product. The addition of SD card slots is a nice plus over other hubs for transferring files from your old camera. The three USB ports are ideal for my needs for legacy external headset and wireless keyboard/mouse combo.The only downside, if any, is that it is a bit bulky, wish it was a bit more compact by stacking ports on top of each other.

	
  Works exactly as expected, although I only counted 6 inputs, unless im misscounting oneDoes heat up when using hdmi as it says it does. great product all in all.

	
  Pretty simple, needed and affordable accessory for newer laptops.  Provides a memory card reader, HDMI port and 3 USB "traditional" ports over one USB C port.  It is missing an Ethernet port, but otherwise that's what I really need without using up two valuable USB C ports.  This is a great transition hub as I guess manufacturers slowly move from the traditional USB port to USB C.

	
  UPDATED: Since my first review, the product has ceased to work.-------------------------------I bought this to use with a Microsoft surface so I could connect it to the TV and have a larger monitor at home, as well as to use external hard drives and USB drives. So far, everything has worked great. Seems to be made of a decent material and easily fits into a computer bag.

	
  For my Surface Pro 7. No issues with a HDMI connection and external USB devices.Before Covid, I had to travel several times a month. This USB hub is perfect for travel and operating external devices including HDMI devices. Truly made my Surface Pro 7 a versatile machine.

	
  I was able to connect pretty much all ports at the same time including the hdmi into a vision 32" TV as a second monitor. Been using for the past 4 months and no connection issues with anything I plug in via USB or SD.  Build is very sturdy out of aluminum.  Color matches my space gray macbook pro. Very portable. Bought a second just in case I needed more ports

	
  I was looking for a compact USB-C Hub / Adapter for my personal laptop.  My main criteria were portability, a few USB ports, and a connection to a monitor via an HDMI port.  This device satisfies all my needs, and adds a couple of readers (mini and micro for SD cards) on that of that.  Overall this device meets my needs at a price point that I can afford.

	
  I bought this product for my MacBook and my Wacom tablet, and the product is just everything I needed and more. From adding an accessible HDMI port, providing as a port for my phone (which is a Samsung), etcetera. For it's price, it's really durable and sturdy and is worth the buy if you need it.

	
  I have a mid-2017 MacBook Pro, which only has two USB-C Thunderbolt ports. I needed expansion capabilities from a hub but mostly needed additional USB ports. This port adapter stands apart from other multiport adapters because it has three USB 3.0 ports. Most other adapters only have one, so if you have a lot of peripherals, like an external drive, a mouse, or USB headphones, this adapter has you covered. The HDMI port also works flawlessly and allows me to connect a monitor to extend my desktop. I would strongly recommend this adapter and would purchase it again.

	
  Works great on my Samsung S10 and Tab4.  I have Logitech Wireless Keyboard and wireless mouse plugged in and it works great!

	
  This is awesome and worked the instant I connected with no hassle. I became ambitious after looking at it that this could has more ports (Type-C and USB. The port for memory card isn’t useful for me yet as I have other connectors but overall this product is great and would give 5 Star.I will watch for few more weeks and see how this performs.

	
  I like this product a lot the features are exactly what I was looking for. It works very well with my MacBook that connectivity Is just amazing. I travel a lot and this perfect for me. Definitely  I would recommend this to a friend.

	
  I have used the multi-port adapter to connect to my TV via HDMI port, it is very helpful when you are trying to show videos you can only access on your laptop. The memory stick port is another of the capabilities I have used quite a bit since I had to transfer some files from another devices and cameras.Being able to access the multi-port on my MacBook solves a lot of issues and avoids having to purchase the pricey apple adapters is invaluable. I definitely recommend this Multi-Port Adapter.

	
  Everything about this is great! I love the flexible wire. I love the quality and durability of the material. It works perfectly fine. Great price too. Only thing missing is a travel pouch, luckily I had an extra one of those from when I bought my car stereo system.

	
  I purchased this hub because I needed to be able to attach several hard drives, mouse and my monitor to my computer (MacBook Pro). I had previously purchased a single adapter to connect my monitor to my computer but that didn't work well and kept disconnecting. So, I decided to change it up and get a hub. This 7 in 1 hub has performed perfectly, allowing for me to easily plug my monitor (via HDMI) and connect my other things easily in to computer without any random interruption. I would highly recommend this hub for your office or for travel (I take with me on every business trip..you can never be too prepared). Lastly, there is a SD card slot that I didn't even think about but found it very useful because it works perfectly with my SD card for my camera.

	
  I was looking for a solutions to connect devices to my MacBook Pro. After comparing the many options out there I decided to go with this USB C Multiport Adapter. It arrived super fast within one day in a nice little box. Inside it looked solid, organized and came with a little manual. You simply had to take it out of the package, plug it in and it was ready to go. It met all my needs for connecting my devises seamlessly. So happy with choice and definitely would recommend it.

	
  Pros: This hub is very well built and works great with my MacAir 2018.  It has a very solid feel and is plug and play. I has the portability and functionality to make the USB C ports very useful.  Cons: Only one, lacking in a PD port.  With a PD port this would be more than anyone would possibly need.

	
  Bought it for it's multi-port expansion for everything I'm plugging into my Mac mini.  Was not expecting to use it as a video adapter, but when my custom DVI-D to HDMI cable did not work when I plugged it directly into the Mac mini, I took a chance and plugged it into this adapter, and voila, it works.  Thanks....

	
  I bought this in December after buying the new MacBook Pro and I have never had a problem with it. I have only used the USB and HDMI ports, and had no issues. The quality is very nice. It does not feel cheap and does not get scratched up when I throw it in my backpack with a bunch of other random things, which is a plus. Having the cord, as opposed to having it plug in from the side, allows for it to be more versatile, especially if you will be using tablets with bulkier cases.

	
  This USB-C hub did everything I expected, and di it well. It's light but durable build lets me toss it in my bag without worry, and with three USB ports and SD/Micro-SD slots it's sure to add the charging/connectivity/extending capability needed. It powers my phone and my Anker power block no problem!

	
  My daughter got a new Mac and it did not have a built in card reader at all. She is a college student and wanted to have something for flash drives, etc and for a little more versatility. We purchased this one. She has had it for a few months and is very pleased with it! It works as intended, and looks to be very durable as well. Thanks for a great product at a reasonable price.

	
  This is a handy little hub to have on your travels. So far I've used this with 2 hard drives and a USB instrument hub.  Works well, and without issues or slowdowns.  Only slight downside is the wire can be a bit bulky in tight spots, but it's flexible enough and skinny enough to handle that.

	
  I got a brand new MacBook with a USB C drive and still needed some extension for traditional USB equipment and drives. This is an excellent product. Great quality and all the external equipment works well. Great purchase and product.

	
  I'm using this with a 2019 iMac in a music production studio, connecting an external 3K monitor via HDMI and several USB MIDI & flash storage devices at once... all from one USB-C port with no issues so far!Also tested HDMI with a Macbook Air, that worked flawlessly too.This is a convenient and affordable solution compared to a lot of other options out there.

	
  While I intended to buy a dongle that could simultaneously charge my android tablet I am not at all displeased with my mistake. This breakout hub works well and allows me to use my tablet like a more advanced chrome book, but it is less that a laptop still.

	
  I just got the new Macbook Pro 16" that only has Thunderbolt ports, so an adapter is essential.  This one works really well.  Apple charges the same price for a single Thunderbolt to USB3.0 adapter, and charges $69 for a Thunderbolt to a Multiport Adapter with one USB3.0, one HDMI, and one USB-C (which is pointless — why a USB-C to USB-C?).  So this FlePow adapter provides far more functionality at a drastically lower price.

	
  I've used this adapter's HDMI port to connect my laptop to a larger monitor and used this to read my camera's SD card. Everything works fast and smooth and I love that it's compact. The only issue I had to be aware about is that when I connect my phone charger USB to this adapter to charge my phone, it requires some fidgeting with the wires to get it to start charging. Not sure if this was a charger issue or the adapter so I'm still giving 5 stars :)

	
  I’m so happy I found this product on Amazon.  I recently purchased a MacBook and I needed more USB ports. I must admit I was a little skeptical but I’ve had it for about 2 months and it’s great! I literally have no complaints!

	
  This is the best thing EVER! I almost wasted money on a product with a single outlet but thank God I found this through the Best Buy employee who recommended it. Great price and you get all these outlets. Great bargain.

	
  I purchased this for my new macbook pro and I have to say that I am very impressed. For not being a name brand I know and being relatively cheap it works very fast and all ports work well, it has everything I was looking for since the port options on the mac do not. Not only does it work well but it looks and feels very solid and sleek. Seems to be built well. I have been using it constantly for a few days now and dont have any complaints yet.

	
  This was a gift for my husband and he loves it. The old one he had was bulky, it kept falling apart and and failing. He loves that it is slim and sleek and it works fantastic and the price was reasonable.

	
  I was looking for a way for my Samsung tablet to access an SD card without having to buy a mini SD and transfer the files. This does the job! I also hadn't noticed when I ordered it, but there's an HDMI port included, something that will also come in very handy. The cord is short, however. When the tablet is propped up, the hub hangs down. That isn't really a functional problem but I did buy a 6 foot extension cord and now it's perfect.

	
  This is a great hub/adapter for the newer MacBooks that come with just two USB-C slots.  If you have a lot of USB devices (external hard drive, thumb drives, etc.) to plug into my MacBook, like I do - this is the one for you.  It is also convenient and lightweight to take with you everywhere.

	
  This USB C Hub Multiport Adapter was a replacement for a different model that wasn't keeping my bluetooth keyboard and mouse connected with my laptop.  Spend the extra few dollars and get one like this with power and you won't have any more problems!  No issues with the seller or their product... thanks!

	
  Nice/useful assortment of ports, is lightweight, with modern design. Bought this for my Asus Zenbook due to its # and type of ports, design, and minimal weight.  Works great!

	
  I use it for link my Mac to a larger screen, but it is also good for USB mouse and keyboard. It's been 2months and works well. Will see how long it lasts.

	
  Just what I needed for my setup.  Nicely made, plugged-in and was running in windows10 in seconds.  Haven't tried the monitor port yet, but I have used other USB to video adapters in the past and they tend to work just fine.

	
  I purchased this hub because I needed a way to interface several different external storage devices and my "vintage" MacBook Pro with my new one. It has served my purpose very well and I have found it very easy to use. It is extremely compact so takes up little room in a computer case for a device so versatile.

	
  I was unaware that I would need additional adapter to connect my iPhone 10. I contacted the company and they have made all things right. I can now use this with my iPhone XR

	
  Recommend this product as must buy if you looking for USB C HUB. Awesome connectivity. Easy to carry snd connect to monitors when and where you need it. Thanks team for delivering such a good product.

	
  The adequate number of ports.  The ease of use.  The purchase of the product was necessitated since the new Mac Pro laptop does not have the SD card port.

	
  The product works well and has no issues with heat whatsoever. I bought it to get access to a display out (HDMI) and a couple of USB 3.0 ports for my Macbook Pro. Setup was easy. The product is lightweight making it ideal for traveling, though the product feels a bit "hollow", albeit aluminum. That's no issue though. Definitely worth purchasing.

	
  Definitely worth it. Exactly what I was looking for. Affordable and gives me the space I needed to view and use more files. It has worked perfectly.

	
  I used to own a hub adapter that had to attach flush to the side of my laptop. It was very inconvenient, because if you have a case on your laptop, you had to be pull it off every time you put the hub on the laptop to plug a hard drive in or anything. I bought this new usb c port and it has made everything so much easier. It runs well, doesn't get as warm as my last one and the best part is I can leave my case on my laptop. This usb c port is super lightweight and easy to travel. I highly recommend this product.

	
  I hastily bought another product that was similar to this one but did not have an SD card slot. It was more expensive and quite a bit larger. What I like about this product is that it is so small and light. It's surprising that it has 3 USB ports, an HDMI port as well a TF port.  I am really pleased with this USB C Hub Multiport Adapter - 7 in 1 Portable Space Aluminum Dongle. I highly recommend it.

	
  This is a great product. I plugged in usb devices and they worked instantly (keyboard, mouse, video webcam, printer). All worked instantly. And I was surprised when the HDMI connector worked with my monitor with no installation required. Good price too. Buy it and you will be happy. Only limitation is no audio 3.5 connector. Love it.

	
  It works and has plenty of ports. Inconvenient to have to keep track of yet one more piece of Apple laptop, but this is a quality piece at a fair price.

	
  I have a new MacBook Pro which has exactly one usable USB-C slot besides the power plug. I have been able to use this for all kind of apparently now obsolete things that make my MacBook better for me at least for now. It works with a cheap CD ROM reader, thumb drives, an old printer, a slide scanner and a wired mouse, more than I expected. I have been able to transfer data to the new computer from older media through this device.

	
  I've had this USB C hub adapter for about a month and so far haven't had any issues with it. It also works great for connecting to my TV HDMI compared to a previous adapter I had. The material is of good quality and it doesn't feel cheaply made. The only downside might be the hanging dongle if you need to work away from a solid surface, but that hasn't been a particular concern for me. Having all those multiple ports is a definite plus if you ever have to use them all at once.

	
  Very easy to use, plugs right into my Apple air, anything I need to plug in has a place to go. Works great!

	
  USB C Hub Multiport Adapter - 7 in 1 Portable Space Aluminum Dongle with 4K HDMI Output, very useful adapter for work and at home

	
  I got a MacBook Pro and didn't read close enough to realize that the USB-C ports were different than my previous Mac laptop. A friend said I need to get a dongle, and after doing my homework I ordered this one. It arrived quickly and all I can say is that it works great! Anything I want to do that requires the old USB 3.0 ports (like print) I just plug this in and everything works seamlessly.

	
  This matches my space gray MacBook super nicely. Build quality is great, and the form factor fits my laptop bag perfectly. Also looks much better than the Apple brand dongle. Only downside is this doesn't have a USB-C port, but not a big deal at this price point. Definitely recommend it if you're looking for a dongle to use with a MacBook Pro for USB or HDMI ports.

	
  I had bought another brand and it was flimsy and the connections were not solid. This one is much better - better construction, fit, and finish, and all USB, SD card, and HDMI connections are solid and reliable. Recommended.

	
  This has been perfect for my MacBook Pro - no problems with random ejecting like I had with my last one (different brand).  Good price and quick shipping.

	
  Perfect solution to the never ending changes to Apple products. Ugh. These worked out great so we bought them for all of our laptops. Highly recommend

	
  This USB Type-C Hub is just what I needed for my new 16" MacBook Pro (2019). Just plug it into any of the USB-C ports and you're ready to go. Small and lightweight for easy travel. Includes three USB 3 ports, SD and micro-SD card slots and one HDMI port. It seems to be made of good materials and is very affordable. So far I've had no problems whatsoever. I would recommend this product for purchase.

	
  I’d had problems before with USB-c devices with my iPad so I was pleasantly surprised when this worked.  I was able to successfully use it to connect USB thumb drives to view files.  I would recommend this hub.

	
  everything works like it needs to.only thing worth mentioning is that it does not power external hard drives...so keep that in mind

	
  I was able to use the hub within a minute of removing it from the packaging. I just plugged it into my MacBook and then was able to connect my printer and other peripherals. The SD slot provides a seamless way to download pictures from my digital camera to my MacBook.The hub is well designed. I've taken it on a few trips and all worked well. I haven't had a chance yet to use theTF slot so can't comment on that

	
  I got this for my MB Pro and to be honest I wasn't expecting the level off quality. It does what It says and the color matches my Mac. Great product and great price

	
  I was very hesitant in getting this product because of a past experience with another but it works well

	
  Very nice product. Feels durable but isn’t overly bulky. I can slip in with all my other small electronics for on the go use. Has space for 3 USB devices to plug in.

	
  The item arrived on time and had all the recommended plug-in slots. I purchase this to work with my outdoor projector. I was able to use this with my Samsung Galaxy phone so I could play movies for the family outside in the summer.

	
  I am new to using a MAC laptop, so I didn't realize I couldn't just plug in my flash drive. This adapter has been a lifesaver for me, since I work at several locations and use other computers.

	
  This is a great hub that can be used with type C USB. It's sleek size makes it easy to use with a phone and tablet. Easy to insert thumb drives and SD cards. Make sure that you check compatible devices before purchasing.

	
  I loved this product because one, it uses USB-C and it utilizes USB ports as well as common SD card technologies all on one adapter so that I can take advantage of one single USB C port on my laptop when I'm on the go, such as when I'm shooting footage with my Canon camera.  Highly recommended!

	
  Useful product. Allows me to use a computer mouse and charge my phone while in the library, and charge my laptop, too! No complaints.

	
  Wonderful product. Just got to use it for a few different things (uploading images onto a thumb drive and grabbing photos from an SD card) and it worked super well and was very fast. Great product for the MacBook Pro laptop that doesn't have these ports.

	
  This is really an essential tool to have, it has all the ports you typically need and it works great.

	
  I recently purchased a new Chromebook. It is very limited in terms of ports, 2 USB C ports and one USB 3.0 plus a slot for a micro-card. With this adapter I can connect via HDMI to my TV, download pictures from my SLR memory card, and connect other USB items to the Chromebook. Best addition to my Chromebook.

	
  This unit has a compatibility issue with my device I was not aware of; the seller apprised me of this and offered a very satisfactory resolution. The unit connects quickly, is made well, and is well worth the price. make sure you research the device you are going to use it with to be certain you have full functionality.

	
  This does exactly what I need it to do and for a great price. The quality is nicer than I thought it would be. Would definitely recommend.

	
  Functions flawlessly.  I attached three HD's, micro SD, and my keyboard.  I would highly recommend this product.  I suggest to modify the connection cord  to twelve inches (12").  For my application, I could have had it hidden with the additional length.

	
  Handy, small, sleek design with great functionality. Small enough to slide in your pocket for travel if need be

	
  Dongles are lame, but this one is super useful and very compact. Like a thick Apple TV remote. It does fast transfers from SD cards to my MacBook Pro, but I also use it on my Mac Pro desktop for hard drives, etc. I've used every single port at the same time and it performs great.

	
  I purchased this USB C hub Multiport Adapter because of the 4K HDMI output, which is great. I was pleasantly surprised to learn that the USB 3.0 ports of this Adapter worked with an ASUS MB168 additional monitor. The official Apple USB-C VGA Multiport Adapter I purchased before this did not work with the ASUS monitor. Nice surprise for me and my 2019 MacBook Pro!

	
  I use this hub everyday at work.  Works really great and has a port for everything that I need it to have. Even has a little light to let you know it's working.  I would definitely buy this again.

	
  I have bought this product for using with my Macbook Pro. I use it with no issue. I decided to get this device because it had other uses than just a USB, for example I can use the HDMI slot to connect  my MacBook with my monitor and it works vey good. And also, But the other great feature is that I able to plug in my SD and mini SD card. I am so glad to purchase this adapter. Great product!

	
  Build quality is excellent.  It should be useful for a very long time.

	
  My first time ordering this product because I got a MacBook Air. I had to get one. It arrived in time and without any damage. So far I've been using it for USB ports and it has worked without any problem. I like how it comes with other slots? too. Probably over the break, I will use the HDMI slot to watch movies on a big screen. I recommend it!

	
  I needed something light, but solid that I could keep in my backpack to connect my laptop to a video projector for presentations at work. This product has been perfect for that, at a great price, far below the price you will find at big box stores. This has been a great addition!

	
  I ordered this as a replacement for another dongle from a different company. This one handles the monitor and multiple drives without an issue. I'm quite satisfied with the product.

	
  I used it so much during this last semester... definitely worth the money. Does what it is supposed to. I hope this helps.

	
  Great product. Bought similar but none beats the design and durability like this one. Needed the extra USB ports and this came with plenty! Very happy even though I happened to find the one I was missing, this still comes in handy and multiple uses! A+

	
  Well made, solid construction. Plug and play no nonsense connectivity. Works grest w/ my new MacBook Pro

	
  Just arrived today and it works perfectly well with my Lenovo yoga c740. Does not disrupt by bluetooth keyboard and didn't experience any issues so far. (If I do I will be sure to update).

	
  Compact, easy to carry & works well for transfer between devices

	
  Work great with my phone, laptop & TV. Has everything you need. HDMI, 3 USB, SD & micro SD card reader. Highly recommend

	
  I needed a hub for my mac Mini. Its design is sleek, it matches the color of my computer and works well.

	
  I had been wanting to connect my laptop to a monitor to just have a bigger screen and this adapter allowed me to do that and much more. I was able to connect a wireless keyboard and mouse, connect the monitor and charge my laptop at the same time. This is a great device and totally worth the price that you pay.

	
  This hud works great with my new Dell Laptop... fast connection.

	
  Awfully Pleased. Immediate connectivity, convenient size and very light.

	
  Well constructed USB C Hub Multi-port Adapter provides a convenient one spot interface.Very satisfied with my purchase!

	
  This usb has good quality and Lightweight. It has all port you need in one hub. good price comparing to similar products.

	
  Great USB hub! I have a new Mackbook Air with only USB type C inlets. This is a great addition, allowing me to connect my printer and flash drives to the Mackbook. worth every penny to me!

	
  Nice USB c hub. Has multiple ports yet small enough to be tucked into a purse, lap top case or luggage easily. All ports work great. Silver color nice too.

	
  Does what it needs to do for excellent price

	
  I have had any issues with this product. I take it with me to school sometimes because most of the classrooms don't have the hdmi to usb-c adapter and it travels really well. The material is wonderful, it matches my space grey MacBook really well.

	
  This product is great, and does exactly what it purports to do. It's handy, and fits easily into a bag if you need to transport it to and fro to work.  It doesn't overheat.  And it has enough slots to handle most use cases.  Great, all-in-one device -- definitely worth the money.

	
  I bought this mostly so that I could make a slideshow for a celebration of life for my step father go on our tv from my macbook pro. It worked perfectly. No issues whatsoever with it. I would recommend if you have the macbook pro that does not have anything but the 2 charging ports because it has everything else you need.

	
  My favorite feature is how you can create endless chains of dongles. Longest yet? 400 dongles. I had to reach the outlet to charge my MacBook from across the room.

	
  I bring it with me to work with my new MacBook Air. The three USB ports and HDMI port are very helpful.

	
  Awesome product works great with the mac pro and is portability is A+

	
  This has come in super handy for plugging in multiple devices especially while traveling. It has proven to be an asset in a hotel room.

	
  easy to use. very convenient for travel.

	
  Perfect size and lightweight for traveling.  Just the right number and style of connections for my needs.  The LED power light, finish and smooth edges are all big plusses.  A great product for a good price!  Would highly recommend.

	
  Our office uses the newer MacBooks with one USB-C port and we have tried several different hubs. This one has been the best. The quality of the materials, the ease of setup and the port layout is great. Having HDMI is a deal breaker on hubs and this one has it. I highly recommend it!

	
  The USB C Hub does its job just fine.  The ports are well made and the adapters/cords fit well in them.  I will say that I run a 4k monitor and there is some input lag when I use the HDMI adapter through the HUB.  Works fine with a lower resolution though.  With the price and quality, overall really satisfied.

	
  The product description was accurate and shipping was quick. Thank you!

	
  I recently bought a laptop that didn't have the ports I needed, so I purchased this hub. It works great and I'm able to plug in multiple devices such as and SD cards and external hard drives. I have not had any problems or issues with it and I like that it is small and compact.

	
  The FlePow USB Type-C Hub provides connectivity to multiple ports however I could not get my IPAD programs (Disney+) to show on my TV through the HDMI port.... sound yes, picture no. After reporting the problem the company contacted me immediately and offered to send replacement.HUB works great.

	
  The USB C Hub Multiport Adapter allows me to hook up to external hard drives, usb drives and even charge a phone when on the road.  It worked seamlessly with my MacBook Pro.

	
  This is basically attached to my Macbook Pro. I use it to download photos from my SD cards as well as connect to my Wacom Tablet. I've also connected a bunch of portable solid state hard drives, all at once. Never had a problem with the adapter, and it's nice that it's so portable as well.

	
  This USB C Hub is perfect. Small and portable which you can easily just keep the usb's dongles plugged in while traveling. The hub is especially perfect for a Lenovo Thinkpad because they only have 2 regular usbs and 2 usb C's. With this Adapter you have as much ports you need!

	
  Great product, did as expected.

	
  This looks exactly as pictured and works perfectly fine. I have used multiple ports at once with no issues. It is a little annoying to have one thing plugged into another into another, but hey, that's just what you gotta do when every new Mac has different ports!

	
  Love this it totally expanded my use of my mac for work at home during the quarantine! Works great.

	
  This adapter has all the ports I need! HDMI, three USB ports, as well as card reader slots. Makes it very easy for file transfer and storing photos from my camera to my external hard drive when using my Macbook Air. I looked at a lot of different options before making this purchase-- best value for what you pay for!

	
  Apple is a company that clearly has disdain for its consumers and can't bother to even include usable ports on their new products, but have no fear! This adapter does it all. Having 3 USB ports and the HDMI port really set it apart from some other similar products. It's sturdy, I recommend it.

	
  My MacBook doesn't have an HDMI, USB, SD, or TF ports, and this bar provides them all.  I really appreciate the fact that it has 3 USB ports so that I can have multiple devices connected at once.  If I had to change anything it would only be that it doesn't mount flat to my laptop.

	
  this thing is built with good material. its real durable. I have tried bending the the connecting cord a few times and no damage is done. over all it has all the functions I need I like hdmi, sd card readers, and usb's. and there seems to be no delay problems when connected. money worth spent.

	
  Added connectivity for my Lenovo Ideapad.

	
  I was looking for a well made, compact hub for my MacBook Pro.  This product checks off all the boxes.  It looks and feels solid and has three USB ports along with slots for SD and micro SD cards.  In addition, it's lightweight and compact in case I want to take it on the road.

	
  I've had this adapter for 2-3 months now and it has worked great so far.  I have a macbook pro without a USB or HDMI plug, so I have to use an adapter. This has all the types of ports that are needed and still allows me to charge my computer while using.  This has been a great value for the money.

	
  Compact and affordable! A great addition to a wonderful MacBook Pro !

	
  The USB C hub works great with all my devices, my usb mouse, headset, and I use it as my card reader for my SD card. I use it with my personal macbook but also my work HP laptop. Works well with both, it's light and durable.

	
  Im a long time PC user and was disappointed in the lack of usb slots in my new Mac . This device saved me a lot of time and money! Very reliable and not a single issue with connecting right out of the box. fast speed and very compact for traveling! This item makes me love my MAC !

	
  I needed a USB-C Hub for my Macbook Pro and after searching through several available products, this one had the best price to the number of ports ratio.It has the same aluminum casing as Macbook Pro, and so far all the ports all functioning.I wish it had Ethernet as well, but it is still very good for the price.

	
  This worked exactly like I needed it to. Great product for anyone wondering. It's very handy to take on the go.

	
  This is a great hub with lots of options for ports. The only issue is when I plug in my power, it disconnects my hard drives, so there's no surge protection, but it hasn't damaged anything yet and I am just careful to disconnect before I plug in my power.

	
  Bought this to use to download pictures to my MacBook Pro from my SD card. Works great! Fast! Have not used any of the other ports yet, but am very satisfied with product since purchase in January! It works as it states.

	
  If you have new version of Macbook, you absolutely need one.

	
  Must have for my 16 inch Mac Book Pro. Fast data transfers for capable external drives and high speed SD cards.

	
  I would highly recommend.

	
  Great price. I used it all semester and it worked flawlessly.

	
  While the hub feels very lightweight, it seems of strong construction and works great for USB thumb drives and HDMI TV connection on my laptop. All good here!

	
  Life saver for WFH! I'm using a Window 10 PC, it is fast, nothing to do with installation, plug in and use! Easy!

	
  Works great for my macbook pro. easy to use and store away when not in use. haven’t had any problems with it, would recommend.

	
  This product is nice and worked instantly. However, I found it a bit pricy. There are many similar products available with same functionality and at a cheaper price.

	
  Great product-works as intended!

	
  This was a great purchase. My MacBook Pro has 4 USB C ports. This takes up one of them, but adds 3 USB ports, and an SD card reader. All works flawlessly and allows me to have several hard drives plugged into my computer for video editing.

	
  I bought this for my macbook air 2018 and it gets the job done. I've used it to connect with  an hdmi for an external monitor, connect a bluetooth usb mouse, and to transfer photos from an SD card. Gets the job done. Not sure if I would recommend it for over $20. Would recommend.

	
  It's pretty sturdy and portable. Although it gets heated pretty quick. Not sure if that's a problem. Had not had any problems with it beside my SD card not being recognized on my laptop. Idk if it's because it's a very old and unused SD card, or because of the convertor itself

	
  Excellent to allow multiple options on your MacBook, since the ports on the actual MacBook are limited.This helps to utilize thumb drives and so much more. Not cheaply made.

	
  It is easy to use and expands my laptop capabilities.

	
  This unit is small enough to fit in my laptop case and the housing seems pretty sturdy. It has a lot of functionality with the multiple ports. I mostly have used it to move photos and video from a micro SD to external hard drive or laptop and have had no problems.

	
  The slim profile works great for travel. Everything works as intended. No issues whatsoever with this adapter.

	
  great product

	
  Haven't had any issues with it. has multiple ports. great product

	
  I bought different one before this but since i got a bulky iPad Pro case it didnt fit but this one fit perfectly fine and this has a lot of good option. I tried connecting 1TB but i guess it was too much that it didnt connect well.

	
  I am very happy with this product. I got it to mainly use for my IPad Pro 12.9. Make sure that you have the right kind of usb because the usb I had did not work with it. I also got this so I can evetunally get more storage for the IPad.

	
  Great product, allows me to use multiple forms of media to and from my computer and camera.  It saves me a lot of time! Item arrived quickly and works well.

	
  The USB C hub has proved to be a very useful accessory to have, especially when you travel. The quality of the product is good and I recommend this product.

	
  Excelente producto, muy practico y de buena calidad./ Excelent product, very practic and good quality

	
  Bought this for a new Dell XPS 13 which uses USB-C ports only. Worked perfectly, using external monitors, USB drives, mouse/speaker dongles, etc. Light and easy to carry, durable cable. Worked so well I bought a second one for a desktop with USB-C parts. Recommended.

	
  Works well when paired with the note 9 to make a portable PC... also as a stand alone hub worked great... showed to a few friends they too were impressed and are intent on purchasing for themselves... value for your money well spent

	
  Perfect number of ports for the price could not be better love it so far!

	
  Great product, great price .Perfect for my Apple laptop computer.

	
  I need to use various memo card and USB for work and it helped me to keep them in one...fits perfectly..so far worked well.

	
  WAYYYYY better than the similar last product from a different company that I was using. Easy installation. Incredibly functional. I use it every day.

	
  this was the perfect addition for me.

	
  Bought this so i could connect more devices for my DJ laptop that only had 2 ports.

	
  This item was recommended by my friend who is very tech savvy (Linda Flippo) and even I (NOT tech savvy) was immediately able to install and use.  Thank you!

	
  Purchased this USB Type C Hub after reviewing multiple USB Type C hubs.  Very pleased with this purchase as this pairs great with my new MacBook Air.

	
  No flaws yet.

	
  Bought it to use with 2019 Macbook Pro. The color matches almost perfectly that looks like an original Apple product. The size is so compact that it allowed me to forgive Apple for removing all those ports :)Not that I needed it but tested with Lenovo X1 Yoga, it works with that as well.

	
  The material is good quality and small size. The adaptor is very light, compact and with great utility for portability. I gave 5 Stars on Overall Rating because of its price and usefulness. I used it with my laptop, desktop or ipad pro.

	
  This is a fantastic product and very useful for new mac. I am liking it.

	
  Sleek design and compact size (deck of cards for size reference).Connection speed is seamless - I've 2 monitors, 2 usbs ports always connected. There no slow down or connection lag.Great product!

	
  At first I was skeptical about the quality with such a low price, but after buying a more expensive one and having it not work, I just tried it. This thing is great and always works! Even has 3 usb 3.0 unlike most other hubs. Solid quality and the price just makes it even better.

	
  Overall it was solid for its price. Its the perfect weight and size for traveling. Wrapping with a rubber band keeps it compact and doesn't seem too susceptible to damage so far (been a week now). Definitely best bang for buck

	
  Well made , I like it.

	
  I like this usb c hub I basically saved 40 bones because I was going to head into Best Buy and they prices were high. $80 bucks just for this little hub I don’t think so bruh so I went on here and found a great one that works for me and for the podcast

	
  Works great and looks great! I wish I came with a little bag to protect it.

	
  Great for multiple workstation dongle. I no longer have to think about how many ports, everything I need in one place. Especially love for photo editing.

	
  All functions perform to specs, solid construction and an excellent value.  Power output able to support external hard drive.

	
  honestly love this thing. had to buy a few versions of these adapters over the years, and this one is by far the best. even matches my laptop color. good for the price too.

	
  Device works perfectly. Same color as the iMac, and super portable. I’ve used it several times to mirror the television without any issues as well!

	
  Great product. Made of sturdy metal. Half the price of Best Buy and works great!!!

	
  This USB device transfers information perfectly.  The size is also perfect for me.  I would highly recommend it!

	
  What I liked most about this product is versatility, from HDMI output, to USBs, to SD Card readers. This is what I like most  about this product. I primarily use this product for watching movies and such and I connect the HDMI cable to my laptop.

	
  Well made, functional and portable. The perfect addition for adding ports.

	
  I used this adapter to transfer large data from multiple storage devices and it got the job done. I would recommend this as a worry free quality product.

	
  Works as expected. Great product and would recommend to others.

	
  I've using this adapter for the past 8 weeks. It works pretty well with my Macbook and I've had no issues with any of the ports. I highly recommend if your computer does not have a HDMI port, I use this mainly for a second screen.

	
  This is exactly what I need. It is a compact adapter for different purposes. Good to have it.

	
  I just got the dongle and tested it - all ports are currently working. Outside shell seems durable but will have to put it to the test. I got it because it looks compact and easy to put into bags/pockets.

	
  I like this  and good compliment works with my tablet samsung tab A 2019

	
  This is exactly what i wanted! Works perfectly!

	
  Excellent product and value.  I use it to connect a surface pro to an external large monitor.  It has several other ports as well.

	
  Love the fact that it has so many ports for all my devices

	
  I specifically need a hub that is functional, compact and portable. This is it! It can easily fit into my purse and I can use it for multiple purpose. It's awesome! Would definitely recommend it!

	
  Turned my all in one HP Computer’s lonely usb C port into 3 Usb 3.0 and 2 card readers!Even has an HDMI Output port! Feels and looks great,looks and feels like Aluminum !Good stuff!Chuck

	
  I purchased the HUB to provide additional connectivity to my Surface Pro.  It works great.  I can connect multiple items and event connect a monitor for additional screen options.  Happy with product!

	
  Love how versatile this is! Like several other reviews, I purchased a newer MacBook Pro that only has usb-c ports and needed several of these different ports to connect with my other tools.

	
  This gives my MacBook the flexibility to add some additional devices. easy to carry and use.

	
  I love this adapter. I've tried several others and this is by far the best I've used. It is great quality and has worked perfectly since the first time I used it (and I use it daily). I'm super happy with this purchase!

	
  I needed the adaptor so that I could hook up an HDMI cord to my MacBook for presenting a powerpoint on a TV. It was perfect and has other ports one of which I needed for the remote presenter!

	
  Great product, great design, very look very slick. Make sure you verify if it will be compatible with your MacBook, I ordered the wrong one did my fit my laptop, but definitely plan on ordering again.

	
  Use it to have multiple USB ports since my laptop only has one. I like that it also has an HDMI port so I can extend my screen to another monitor. I am happy with this purchase, it is an affordable and excellent device.

	
  After I received this product, I plugged it into my computer and nothing happened. I guess it was bad one.Update: customer service is amazing, I got refund and new product.

	
  I liked the design of it, and that every slot works. I use this to connect my music equipment, gaming, and drawing tablet. So it is worth it for the not overly expensive price.

	
  I am using this product for transfer files between my cell phone, portable HD, use a optical mouse and I am very impressed with the files transfer speed, it is very practical, lightweight since I travel a lot this is a crucial factor.  Love it, I won't hesitate to recommend it.

	
  This is a great product. Very handy and works with my Surface Pro.

	
  This was an awesome purchase as it connects to a macbook pro very easily and can be used for multiple things such as printers, HDMI cables, etc. I highly recommend buying this product as it works very well and is easy to use.

	
  This is exactly what I was looking for and it works great. Highly recommend for those looking to USB-A devices or a Micro SD card with your Macbook that only has a Type-C port.

	
  This is a great lightweight product that gets the job done! The color matches perfectly with my Space Grey MacBook Pro and it has been essential for adding the features that Apple decided to cut out. Great purchase!

	
  This little hub makes connecting so easy!  It is small and doesn't take up room on my desk or in my suitcase.  I especially like that it has a slot for my camera memory card.

	
  Like that is super lightweight and easy to transport. Seems to take longer for iPhone charging than if you plugged the cord straight into an older Mac with the plugin.

	
  I found this device practical, well made and compared to the ones that are fixed to the laptop, this is not going to damage the port with the use because of its flexible cable.

	
  I love this connector it allows me to use all my small connection devices in one place. I have a new Dell XPS 15 computer with a Thunderbolt connection  and this plugs in and allows all the other device connection .

	
  I have been using it for a few days but it already saved my life. I can connect my usb, and my mouse at the same time! Sp happy with the purchase.

	
  Really slimline dongle and had exactly what I needed with the three USB 3.0 ports strong enough for external drives. Perfect.

	
  Great price and excellent quality.  Worth every penny!

	
  Exactly as described. We used these for or Surface 3’s to hook up a extra monitor and high speed printer.

	
  It would've been a fantastic product due to the various elements you can plug in to it. It just was not compatible with my device, unfortunately. All in all, make sure it is compatible with your phone before purchasing.

	
  The product is made of amazing quality metal and doesn't scratch easily, even when inside a bag. I wish it had more usb ports but other than that, it is perfect.

	
  Great product, space grey matches the new MacBook pros perfectly. Nice build quality too, and it works as advertised. Would buy again!

	
  Plug and me play, it’s a no brained!

	
  Works great compatible with my macbook air i bought in 2020. Able to use hdmi good, great product great little hub would buy again

	
  This product meets all my needs! I’m a college student who is always moving place to place so it helps to have it in a portable place to connect to usb/hdmi/ etc

	
  Very happy with item!  Needed to get info off an SD card and now have a multipurpose utility in my backpack for all the various connections needed when on the road.Would definatly buy again.

	
  This product has exceeded my expectations.  I am a college student and carry my Mac laptop on campus and this prevents me from having to carry many adapters.No issues with heat or any malfunctions.

	
  Wow...was not expecting it to arrive so quickly!  Perfect because I am working from home now. .... Item is compact in size and is working great!  Thank you!

	
  10/10! This came exactly as expected! I was surprised at how sturdy and high-quality the material was! It works like a charm and am super happy with the product!

	
  I have had this product for about 6 months so far and use it all the time! It works great! The connectivity is good and it does not slow down the processing speed. Highly recommend!

	
  Great Product

	
  It's a very necessary and practical piece of hardware for the new style MacBook Pro. Best of all it does not interfere with any style case for the laptop. Two thumbs up!!!

	
  This works exactly as described. The cord feels a bit stiff, but otherwise perfect

	
  This is a great and inexpensive product to use for laptops that don't have USB ports like a MacBook. It works well and I haven't had any issues with it!

	
  I am using this hub for my Macbook Pro, so far I love it.  Build quality is awesome and the cord is long enough to remain non intrusive.  Handles all the essentials.  Color is a dark aluminum and pair with the Mac well.  Thumbs up strong recommend from me so far.

	
  This is exactly what I needed. Versatile, affordable and well made. The quality was perfect. Necessary if you have multiple devices with various port needs.

	
  Great adapter especially when I already had a Usb C to Usb cord and really does support 4K HDMI quality. Aluminum build is definitely a plus. Not a lot of these adapters on Amazon anymore so I'm glad the one available is of great quality.

	
  Very useful for attaching older devices - replaces most of the ports on my old MacBook Pro....  Fits easily in my bag which makes it handy at all times.

	
  The modern Apple with one port is somewhat infuriating.  This takes care of the issue.  Anything I connected to it worked fine, so it does what it's supposed to.

	
  The quality looks good and very convenient to carry out

	
  I have been using the hub for 6 months now. It works great. I use it mainly for MIDI controllers and to pet an audio interface. I am happy with my purchase.

	
  This is a great product and I am very happy with my purchase. Everything worked as I expected.It is small and easy to carry it with my laptop and looks nice. The data transfer is fast.

	
  Good

	
  The quality is great; works just like how it should. However it may be a little long but usually portability is not a problem.

	
  We bought this to use with our Mac. It has been so helpful for connecting our printer, cricut machine, and external hard drive. Haven’t had any issues yet !

	
  This adapter comes with just the right number of ports needed and is simple and compact, making it easy to pack and travel with. Additionally, the micro SD card slot is a nice added feature!

	
  I used this to attach multiple monitors to my Microsoft Surface tablet and have had no issues in the 6 months I’ve owned it.

	
  Works as-advertised and is a super efficient device for connecting multiple devices to your laptop!

	
  Great for traveling for work !!

	
  I love this product! It came extremely fast.  It is very compact and useful.  It makes up for where apple lacked on their new MacBooks.  I will be using this every time I pull my laptop out.

	
  I love this adapter. It allows me to plug in USB sticks and my memory card at the same time without taking up several ports on my laptop. It's lightweight and packs well for travel

	
  Item works as described, no issues and look forward to years of use! I really enjoy the aluminum description and its pretty lightweight!X

	
  This is great. Works well as expected. Worth buying.

	
  Great product at a great price.

	
  My son bought this for us to hook to our MacBook Pro and it works great. Now I can hook my phone, printer (when WiFi is down) to my computer,  Love that it is small enough to travel with me.

	
  Top build quality. Perfect for my Macbook.

	
  Useful and compact. Simple and easy plug and play between MacBook Pro with the USB-C port and my external Memory, USB and my phone. Easy to use and carry on travels.

	
  Super easy to use!  I was able to view photos of my grandchildren that were on a flash drive that I hadn’t seen in years!

	
  For whatever reason, the new MacBooks do not have USB ports and the like. This product is a life saver for those of us who need these features. Also, it is tiny and does not clutter my desk.

	
  Handy for many IO applications.

	
  Works flawlessly on both my Mac and windows laptops!  Great for traveling.

	
  perfect for my needs... enough ports and priced well

	
  Perfecto este dispositivo para aumentar los puertos de portátiles con conector C. Liviano y muy portable.

	
  Nicely made. Small and lightweight. Good number of ports. Only thing missing is power passthrough.

	
  Very good build quality that matches the look and feel of the laptop. Also works just as expected and has not let me down! Highly recommend!

	
  nice product

	
  Adds great functionality to the MacBook especially the card reader  I have lots of legacy USB devices too

	
  Great compact multiport adapter. I take it everywhere with my laptop and use the HDMI and USB ports regularly. So far I haven't had any issues with this.

	
  Every port works and the material is nice. Does not have a headphone jack or a usb-c port like some others but this one is superior quality.

	
  It worked right away in my Mac.  Another brand I tried did not.

	
  Connects Surface to TV clearly

	
  Great product. I like that it only takes up one port. Others I was looking at took up both ports on my MacBook. Very useful.

	
  This usb adaptor works great. It's a simple product that has become an essential in my day to day life. I like how compact it is and also that it's very travel friendly.

	
  This USB-C Hub works great as advertised. It works for 4K HDMI and has a solid build quality!

	
  Seems to work as it should.  Convenient size.  Seems to respond fast to input.

	
  Works well!  Received very quickly!

	
  This product is easy to carry, light-weight, and fits my needs perfectly. No more buying countless adapters, this one can replace all of them. Definitely worth the price

	
  I have been using this product for over 2 weeks now and I must say I am really satisfied with it. Superior quality and value for money.

	
  Exactly as it was described. Works great!

	
  We purchased this for our daughter’s new laptop. It worked perfect and she loves it.

	
  This product is what I expected to be. 100% practical and functional.  The HDMI port works just perfect!

	
  This product is just as advertised.  It met my expectations.  It was true to size, providing multiple ports. it's durable and portable.

	
  I use it mostly to connect external hard drives and USB sticks, sometimes to read SD cards.

	
  This usb c hub is amazing and a perfect size it word great with my 2019 MacBook Pro

	
  Nice and small metal housing, very sturdy feeling. Dose not work with my LG G6 will continue to test it on other devices and report back.

	
  Works as described.  Portable for travel.

	
  Great adaptation for USB and SD card for my retina macbook air.

	
  Works as advertised, less expensive that fancier alternatives but still provides all the basic connections/ports you need at a good price.

	
  After purchasing this item, I returned my recently-purchased Apple Multiport product that cost almost 3 times as much.

	
  No issues using this with my ~2016 MacBook Pro. Sleek sturdy design and has tolerated months of frequent use with no issues whatsoever.

	
  This was for my son to use with his MacBook Pro and he gives it top marks.  Nice and compact, no issues at all. Mostly uses the USB and HDMI ports.

	
  amazing product which helps me in my daily work

	
  Absolutely love this gadget.  It works for all facets just as described.  I don't leave home without it when I travel.

	
  Checked all the ports and socket. The hub is solid so I can't say anything but positive. Great miniport adapter and the price is hard to beat. 5/5

	
  Simple, durable and easy to use. Plenty of connection options available with high speed data transfer. Definitely a good buy compared to the price.

	
  This product is lightweight and working without any problem.

	
  I use this product to connect my surface pro to a monitor, it connects/disconnects easily and can be hidden on a desk.

	
  Attachments work great, works as advertised. Compact and easy to take anywhere. Would definitely buy again

	
  I recently got a new mac book and needed something to charge my fitbit, use my cricut.  It works great for all my needs!  Its portable as well too!

	
  great price and works well with my mac. I am happy with mypurchase.

	
  We purchased this to support the need to have access to multiple devices and have found that this product works great!

	
  I have this hooked up to my mac mini and it has worked exceptionally well. Very diverse set of inputs and great quality.

	
  I love this! It’s perfect for my MacBook Pro and makes life so much easier. Very high quality.

	
  Runs a little hot, but video, USB, and SD reading functions all perform consistently. Solid purchase for the price.

	
  I just got it today and it looks and feels absolutely amazing. Great product, great material, great size for travel and great price!

	
  Solved several problems for my college bound daughter. Works great and is reasonably priced.

	
  I needed a USB C hub to complement my new Macbook Pro and it mets its objective.

	
  Hub offers various ports which makes connecting everything easy. Small and compact, I can take it anywhere with me.

	
  So far so good!

	
  It's a great tool

	
  Good quality product for the price. Works as intended with no issues .

	
  Does exactly what I needed.

	
  Item came earlier than expected! Nice clean design, heavy duty material and all the ports you need in one. Perfect!

	
  It has all the ports needed and always works. I can't go anywhere without it

	
  Easy to use , i really like to use it.Muy bueno y fácil de usae.Note 10 plus

	
  It works well, looks modern, and is just overall a pretty perfect USB Hub for charging and transfering data!

	
  The packaging is very professional and the product itself is very high quality. Very convenient in any surcumstance

	
  Works great so far (I’ve had it for about 3 weeks)

	
  Works great! I really do enjoy the product.

	
  Works pretty good on my MacBook Pro. Really happy with the product

	
  Appreciate multiple ports for my Surface,  and it fits nicely in my laptop bag.

	
  This product is versatile, useful, and compact. Perfect for the newer generation of laptops.

	
  i use this every day, and very portabel and east to use.

	
  It works great with my new MacBook Pro!

	
  It's user friendly and has been working great!

	
  I thought it was gonna be delayed but it wasn’t it was actually great prouduct

	
  I like the quality and different portholes for this adapter. No significant issues.

	
  Great alternative. Good quality and works very well.

	
  plenty of input hdmi, sd, usb, and tf inputs. great product

	
  Se nota que es de muy buena calidad

	
  Great accessory for the MacBook Pro, just what I needed. Solid build.

	
  Love the portability. Item works great, plus leaves port available for charging Mac

	
  This product worked out great for me. The quality is good and the product is easy to use. Highly recommend.

	
  It works pretty well. Good quality!

	
  USB Type -C Hub Pro. really helped me for the usage for my Macbook pro. I am really happy with this product

	
  I love the products. received my order very fast. use this company for all my tech purchases now.

	
  Allows the single port on my Surface Pro 7 to be more versatile. No issues with connectivity.

	
  Absolutely love this product. Great quality and functionality.

	
  Very nice product for a fair price. Very happy with the design since its not too big. Works perfectly with my window Laptop. I will buy it again.

	
  This adapter does exactly what it is supposed to do. It matches my MacBook Pro really well in color and finish.

	
  great product, even better than i expected. All 3 usbs work great with only one usb c needed.

	
  Fantastic product, has worked better than expected.

	
  Needed a cable connector for my macbook air. Exactly what I wanted for a reasonable price.

	
  I’m very happy with this adapter. Perfect size, very light and works great!!!

	
  I appreciate the flexibility this gives me in terms of what kinds of accessories I can plug into my laptop now.

	
  Works great

	
  Great product, will buy from this company again!

	
  I should've bought two.

	
  It's  a beautiful USB hub. Even when you use  3 usb at the same time it will be slow, but you can use just one.

	
  Works well.

	
  wonderful customer service and wonderful product

	
  It worksfor what I need

	
  It’s good!! And also really useful.

	
  Product works as intended, built from quality material and sleek

	
  Great quality and did everything I needed it to!

	
  Works well, what I needed. No issues

	
  I like this product because I can fast charge few units at the same time.

	
  This product is easy for a lot, a good product for a try

	
  Traveling

	
  I like that it works exactly like the description says it does.

	
  The product works well and is extremely well built.

	
  Easy to use and good HDMI connectivity. Good overall use.

	
  I have been using this product for about months already and working very well!!

	
  Nice quality. Works as it should. Seems like it will hold up until obsolete.

	
  It works really good, and it arrived just in time !

	
  Works great! Was shipped timely and products was as described.

	
  This device exceeded my expectations.

	
  This is very compact and well made.

	
  Awesome. Does everything you would expect it to do.

	
  Solidly built, covers all input types. Has been working great.

	
  I bought this for my new mac, and it worked perfectly ever since

	
  Best price for a expensive product

	
  Great for downloading pictures to my Apple products

	
  great product, good quality, small size easy to bring with me.

	
  I was pleased this product. It is just as advertised! Thank you.

	
  Works really well with dell xps 13

	
  I love the sleek look, very  small and easy to use.

	
  Small size and easy ...working wiyh my external 3 TB hard disk

	
  Provides all access to MacBook ProNo problems encountered.

	
  Great product. Highly recommended!

	
  i use the usb ports to plug in a keyboard and mouse for my laptop

	
  The quality of the materials are great and so far it's good and easy to use.

	
  This is what i needed

	
  Nice USB hub!

	
  This product is very good and the delivery was on time. Loved it.

	
  Just got it- nice material, worked instantly with my mouse and keyboard. 5/5

	
  Works great with my MacBook. Product came quickly

	
  Great companion for my MacBook - metal body, small, works great, good price!

	
  Very happy with my purchase. I will definitely do business again.

	
  Worked as expected. a little light will turn on if connected, which is neat.

	
  It's great to use especially when I travel.

	
  It worked right as soon I plugged it in! love it

	
  Great. I picked the right one for my needs

	
  The product is absolutely great! It works great! 10/10 recommend.

	
  Excellent, mobile and sturdy. Great product

	
  Works as expected. It has a nice design as well.

	
  It is super lightweight and works are expected.

	
  Works perfectly for the Mac book pro!

	
  Good quality, easy to use and carry around.

	
  It’s super convenient to use. good quality with reasonable price.

	
  For external screen and multiple usb port usage

	
  Great product for the home or office!

	
  Easy to use, and the color matches mbp well

	
  Excellent and high quality product

	
  Great product to be able to use multiple electronics at once.

	
  Would order again if the need arises.

	
  Worked as intended. Satisfied

	
  Worth the money! Excellent Product

	
  It's functioning great. No complaints . Great value for money

	
  Best one yet for Mac!!

	
  Solved my printer problems! Excellent

	
  It's easy to carry around and works very well. Never had a problem. Very happy with the product!

	
  Great product, works as advertise.

	
  Good use

	
  It's been great so far!

	
  Easy to use, sleek and well made - works like a charm

	
  Compact and stylish. Works well!!!

	
  Great product for the price. I helps a lot specially with the new McBook’s.

	
  Good product materials.

	
  The product is portable and it works great. Great product!

	
  Works as advertised.

	
  handy and useful to use =) I like it

	
  perfect.

	
  thumbs up

	
  Very efficient, easy to use and attractive

	
  It’s good 👍 👍🏻👍🏻

	
  I bought this hub months ago. It works very well. I really love it!

	
  It’s good

	
  Affordable and works well. I recommend it.

	
  Great price for the product

	
  Recently purchased a Macbook pro which comes with limited ports. Apple store had an adapter with limited options at sky high price and we tried this economic alternative with variety of ports and works well. You can use an SD card and a micro SD. The multiple ports are useful especially because we use an external mouse. A lot of extras ports! (One 4K HDMI port, 2 SD reader outputs, 1 USB C charging connector, and 3 USB 3.0 ports). Great all in one adapter at reasonable price.

	
  Must have for MacBook

	
  It’s exactly what I wanted and handles everything very fast, I love it

	
  I bought this so i could plug my mouse and a USB drive into my Macbook Pro. It works great and serves my purpose.  It's very heavy duty ( has some weight to it) and is great for traveling. Very small and fits in my computer case.

	
  I use this dongle for the new MacBook Pro laptop. At first, it didn't work as it should and acted funkily. It made me press the 'Z' button because it didn't register what letter it was. It was super weird, but I got advice to restart my computer and it worked since then. I like that it has a cord between the main ports and the USB-C plug-in. This ensures that it won't ruin the built-in USB-C port on my computer.Pros: its useful that there are so many ports on the dongle. I can use many USB3.0 and it doesn't get overwhelmed. It all works just fine.Cons: the dongle itself doesn't really have any cons, maybe that the cord is a bit long? It's just such a bummer that I need a dongle in the first place.All in all, its a good product. The price is well worth it.

	
  conviente,easy to use

	
  Very convenient and useful product!!

	
  The product is really good. It match the macbook color and works perfect.

	
  This adapter is great. I use it mainly for its HDMI port for my MacBook Pro and the USB port for a mouse (stupid Macs with their lack of ports now). It's fairly simple to travel with and works like a charm!

	
  Love how sleek it is!

	
  very useful. it's got all the ports!

	
  Works well, seems to have a solid feel and build. Make sure to order a 'Type-C to USB' Adapter with it if you want to plug it into a standard USB type A port, like I did. I also ordered a 1' length USB A Male-USB A female extension cord to make it more accessible around to the front of the computer, as on the PC I got this for, the USB, HDMI, etc. outlets are on the back of the All-in-One monitor.  Nice product!

	
  I’m a college student studying photography and videography and with the newer computers not having the correct USB ports for many different devices, this USB hub has helped me with so much!! The HDMI allows me to plug into my tv or monitor and see my videos or pictures bigger and in much better quality. The SD card slot makes it 100x easier to transfer those videos and pictures right from my camera as well! Everything I need to get done is done on such an easy scale thanks to this! Great product, great company!

	
  Perfect

	
  Great accessory for your modern digital life. Best USB C HUB.

	
  Purchased this to help connect my Mac to USB devices. Like the sleek look and very efficient.

	
  I love all the ports this has! It definitely has an outstanding feel to it and all ports work accordingly. Only issue I have is that although it is similar in the color space grey as my MacBook Pro but it’s not quite close enough. I would like for it to be more 1:1 in color.

	
  Loved! Worked great!

	
  number of ports - works very well

	
  I was pleasantly surprised by this item - fits nicely in my bag, has nearly all of the ports I need, and seems very durable. I'm very happy with it.

	
  Seems well built and has good ports. I use it on a surface laptop. The only thing I wish it had was a headphone jack and charger port, but I understand that would require the microsoft proprietary hub, which costs WAY more! Overall very well pleased.

	
  Fits my needs exactly, works great, portable, would recommend

	
  Great product. Works as intended.

	
  What more could I say , I’ll revisit it in a few months so far no over hearing doesn’t Glitch easy to use  I will do a full review on my youtube this week as well

	
  I've had the product for over a month and it works exactly as described. Great for travel or desk work.

	
  Works as expected. Plug and Play!

	
  I love this device. One of the reasons I was scared to get the laptop I got was the lack of ports and being able to do everything that I used to be able to do on my old laptop, but with this device I can hook it up to my TV and I can download pictures from my SD card! I love it and am so glad I got it! I keep it in my backpack for school and it's so small and easy to carry! I would recommend this to anyone!

	
  Got a new laptop and needed to plug in standard USB plugs. This gets the job done.

	
  really light weight

	
  I love this hub! It is small enough to fit in a computer bag pocket and expands the limited ports. It has functioned flawlessly! I highly recommend this item for the MacBook Pro!

	
  exactly that i needed! slim stylish and durable

	
  Absolutely perfect.

	
  Had it for few months. Been working great so far. It’s convenient to hook my laptop and monitor.

	
  It could be used for mouse, camera flashcard, speakers, etc.A recommended product.

	
  Very solid product.

	
  purchased to add ports to laptop....Price was good, delivery was good.....happy with my purchase

	
  this product was just what I have been looking for and I am very satisfied

	
  Super convenient product, affordable price and good quality.

	
  I really prefer this product over ones that connect to two USB-C Ports. Those are usually faulty and looses connection most of the time. I really like this model because of all the inputs that aren’t included. I recently got a new MacBook and so I wanted something that gave me back all the connections I had with my old laptop which were hdmi, usb, and sd card slot. Now with this I get that plus more! And you can always count on knowing when it’s working if the light indicator is on. Also it’s very hard for the cable to disconnect and that’s great. Overall, very satisfied with this product.

	
  Nice accessory to expand limited ports on new MacBook Airs.  Decent build and looks sharp.  Has the look and feel like an apple product.

	
  Buenísimo

	
  great product works as expected and surprisingly very small.

	
  Great product.

	
  All features seem to work as described.

	
  Love this hub.  Takes care of all my USB needs.  No complaints!

	
  Great price!  Does more than other brands, and for way less!

	
  Works great. I have this plugged into my laptop and I have a laptop cooling pad fan unit plugged into the USB port. Works great. I've also used it for a thumb drive. No issues.

	
  For my 15” MacBook this dongle is excellent. Having three USB ports allows me to plug in multiple devices and in particular I love that the HDMI is at the end of the dongle. The price is outstanding, it allows me to toss one in my back and have it with me at all times and leave one connected to my external monitor and peripherals at home.

	
  Bought this USB-C hub to connect to my MacBook to a monitor for my work station and the HDMI adapter has been great. Provides excellent video quality from my mac to my 4K monitor.

	
  Size and convenience of it is great. Such a small (good sized) hub that has everything you could need.

	
  Because the new MacBook Pro does not have traditional USB a ports, I needed a sturdy and quality dongle for my laptop wherever I go. Most of the other dongles were way too expensive and had poor reviews. This one is the best bang for buck dongle on Amazon and I would highly recommend this to anyone who is in the market for a good dongle.

	
  I've been using this product for over 4 months, and I've never had a problem with it! It perfectly matches the stainless steel look of my computer, and I've never needed more ports than this product offers.My only complaint is with the stainless steel material itself (not the product); don't try putting it on top of your computer at the risk of something getting scratched.

	
  This product is pretty handy. I write music on my laptop and it allows me to connect all of my devices to it without any issues. It is pretty durable and I would highly recommend!

	
  Is exactly what I needed. I have a MacBook Pro and am not tech savvy at all and it was an easy set up!

	
  I got it so I can use my mouse and flash drive at the same time. The product worked great and I'm very happy with the purchase! Everything I needed for a reasonable price!

	
  since computers today have less and less usb and camera card ports, this solved my problems! small, simple and handles all that I need.. great little device

	
  I bought this to hook up a headset and extra monitor to my chromebook,  which only had c type ports.  This has been really good for the past 3 months and helped me work from home!

	
  Product works exactly as described.  Much better than the $100 dollar device from Apple that loses its connection. I like the toggle cord so I dont have to remove my cover.

	
  I was looking to use double sided 3m tape to attach it to the side of my desk for a clean and sleek look for my ports.....had to attach it to the side of my PC because the type-c cable is way too short

	
  I love this product, my laptop only has 2 USB ports and this gives me the additional flexibility to be able to get my job done every day. I would recommend this product to anyone.

	
  Product is working great and easy to manage.  The cord attachment is a bit short so it hangs down from my mac but otherwise functions well.

	
  Plug and play, simple and effective. Bought this at the suggestion of my daughter.I can now use a larger and or second monitor which really helps.One connection for everything makes things a lot easier and keeps less clutter on my desk.This attachment does what it is supposed to which is nice in today’s market.

	
  Works perfectly, i would recommend it to a friend

	
  With the new port on the latest MacBook, there is a definite need for a multiport converter. This one is priced pretty well, and it offers everything you need to make presentations and import and export data.

	
  I purchased two of these for my company. We use MacBooks, but often travel to various client's offices are can never be sure what technology they will be utilizing. The USB C Hub Multiport Adapter - 7 in 1 has allowed us to be confident that we will be able to connect our MacBooks to almost any technology. The device itself is small and packs well without taking up a lot of space. We've tested each port and all work as promised. I would recommend this to others without question.

	
  So grateful for this because I didn’t know the new MacBook I was getting for work had a USB-c. I bought an external keyboard and mouse a month ago and was upset I could no longer use them, so I was glad to find this product. And it arrived quickly!

	
  There are plenty of options for USB-C hubs out there, but this one combines affordability, style and performance quite well. The SD drive and USB 3.0 slots work great. I was able to transfer about 15GB of files from the SD slot to a flah drive through my Thunderbolt in about 5 minutes. I plan on using the HDMI slot for a monitor as well, and will update my review if their are performance issues. Overall, a great product at a great price.

	
  I purchased this product for my husband to use on his MacBook Pro for all his traveling needs for business. He is especially pleased with this product as he is able to use it with his projector to show his slide shows he makes for his basketball teams using the HDMI cord. overall very pleased with this product and will definitely recommend to friends and family.

	
  Pros:- lightweight, compact design - easily thrown in alongside a laptop for travel- made from metal, premium feel- sturdy, boxy shape, no bend or give- wire connecting the usb-c plug to the hub is thicker than normal, seems it will last a whileCons:- LED light built-in that lights up whenever the hub is connected, might be annoyingly bright in a dark room- bottom of the hub is not perfectly flatOther users reported the usb-c port that the hub is connected to becoming unusable, didn't happen to me.

	
  Check to make sure the graphics on your Chromebook can handle it, but I couldn't find a previous mention of it working for Chromebooks.  At such a cheap price, I thought it was worth a shot....glad I did!.

	
  My MacBook Pro is great, but not exactly the most versatile machine when it comes to use with different thumb drives or connections. This device has made it simple (at a very affordable price!) to connect to all my thumb drives and to make my MacBook Pro a projector when I need to use it on a 'big screen.' So thankful for this ability, and great to find it at such a great price!

	
  Simple and as advertised!

	
  Product works just as described and perfectly with my new mac book pro ... transfers data quickly and with ease! Recommend it highly!

	
  It works as intended. No surprises

	
  Product is great quality. It does not feel cheap and works great.

	
  Works as described. Fast shipping.

	
  It’s super fast, super sturdy, and super reliable.

	
  I use HDMI and USB. It works great

	
  It's extremely compact and has all of the basic adapters you'd need. Great price and value.

	
  Works great! It is easy to use and very versatile.  I like that it has multiple ports. No complaints.

	
  Works as it should, great product.

	
  Good Product

	
  I've really enjoyed using it so far! It works so well I forget it's not a part of my computer!

	
  is easy to use and very convenient

	
  I satisfy this multiport adapter.  It's a nice product at a reasonable price.

	
  Great product. Works very well with my new MacBook Pro. Great price.

	
  Love it! Haven't had any problem with. I will be buying another one soon.

	
  Work Excellent for my MacBook Pro!

	
  I have only used the sandisk port but assume the rest will work just as well.

	
  i like it

	
  I love this product it helps me connect to my tv to join into zoom calls for school.

	
  I was satisfied with this product.

	
  We bought several of these for office use. They work well in comparison to other, higher priced adapters.

	
  Nice size. Looks sleek.

	
  Great USB C hub. Works great with my MacBook Air.

	
  Great Product does what is stated.

	
  It feels pretty light and could break easily, although has been doing me justice for the past few months.

	
  Works better than my last adapter

	
  Perfecto

	
  Works great. Very convenient. Exactly what I needed.

	
  Product works great!

	
  Well built, good for price

	
  love it

	
  Works as intended, very solid choice.

	
  Good sturdy material

	
  Very nice MacBook hub！Has everything I need.

	
  I really like the Product. Works Well!!

	
  5 STARS

	
  Arrived just fine! Very useful.

	
  Very good material and it is very functional

	
  very good and affordable.

	
  I like it

	
  Such a great product! Love it!

	
  Great product. Would buy again if needed to.

	
  Great build quality build

	
  Great!

	
  Great product!

	
  This product is of very high quality and allows users to expand the versatility of their wired connections.

	
  I use this hub with my surface, works great.

	
  I use it regularly.  Lightwieght amd durable.

	
  Great

	
  just big enough.

	
  Very good price for all the uses you can get

	
  Everything I needed it to be. Works great!

	
  Cool

	
  Excellent and easy to use. Highly recommend this product.

	
  I used for my new Mac Book Pro

	
  Works exactly as advertised! 👍🏼

	
  I have Macbook pro 2019. It works with seagate backup drive

	
  Compact design making it easy to store and  carry around.

	
  Great product and great price.

	
  good build quality and matches my space gray macbook perfectly

	
  I really liked the compact size of the adapter and its very convenient to carry on flight.

	
  Nice aluminum casing. Well made with a nice strong cable.

	
  Terrific product

	
  Very nice and the connectors are tight

	
  Great price, great functionality, would recommend to anyone with MacBook

	
  Perfect for traveling, enough ports for regular use.

	
  so far, no issues. Very small and compact but still solid

	
  I love this product. I use it all the time!

	
  Very fast and clean. Very satisfied all metal case looks and feels great

	
  just got package awhile ago, everything works,so far so good, nice

	
  No complaints, Does what is intended to do.

	
  Very Good. I use it everyday. Good Quality!

	
  It's lightweight and it has worked with all my cables so far. Excellent.

	
  Excellent product I use this all the time to transfer information.

	
  Product works perfectly and is easy to use.

	
  This is working really well so far! Love it so far.

	
  Pretty sturdy. The cord is thick and durable, no problems with it so far

	
  Very useful product for new MacBook Pro. Good for travel and work.

	
  My son love it.

	
  This is a great product for expanding the connectivity of a MacBook Pro.

	
  The product works well and looks good. I will buy it again if necessary.

	
  It’s such a great product! Came in super fast and works very well!

	
  muy conveniente

	
  Worked great, adds all the missing ports you want apple products to have

	
  Great product, what you expect it to be. Works well and isn't too bulky,

	
  I like the functionality of the product and how high quality it is

	
  Very useful and handy. Comes with everything I need.

	
  great product! Came in the color I wanted, works great, has all the ports I need, and has no glitches.

	
  Performs exactly as expected but also is extremely durable and portable.

	
  great device, works as advertised and I've had no problems so far.

	
  I might have liked a longer cable , but I'm satisfied with it. It does what I want it to do.

	
  I have enjoyed this product since I opened it. Have yet to test in multiple scenarios.

	
  This adaptor is very light-weight and has just the necessary number of slots and ports for my use.

	
  I really like this product. Thank you!

	
  This product really helps to connect my iPad Pro to any device needed. Recommended !

	
  It gets the job done and is easy to take on the go. No complaints!

	
  Solid product, arrived on time, easy to use and no problems using so far.  Great find!

	
  Worked perfectly and arrived quickly! If you have a MacBook Pro you need this product!!!!

	
  This is the best USB c hub available. More features and a great price.

	
  I got this USB C hub for my MBP. No need to setup anything, just plug and play.

	
  Metal enclosure makes it tough.  Plug and play. That easy!

	
  Works well with my iPad Pro, would recommend

	
  Great Product.  Small and Compact for My Mac book for business travel.

	
  Works great. It would be better if there is an extra USBc output.

	
  Great product. Great for travel. Fully satisfied customer.

	
  It's user friendly and has been working great!

	
  Would recommend for someone else looking for an overall sufficient device for their port less items.

	
  The build quality is very good and very sturdy! It works very well and is very simple to use!

	
  Works perfectly.  Would recommend to anyone.

	
  plenty of input hdmi, sd, usb, and tf inputs. great product

	
  Super useful, good product for a solid price! Gives lots of flexibility with the multi functionality

	
  Product seems very sturdy. Haven’t used yet just got it delivered. Will update if I remember.

	
  Amazing dongle, with a sleek design. All the ports are located on one side, which makes it easy to connect external devices.

	
  good!

	
  Great product, it’s something I was looking for a long time

	
  Works well, great adaptability to MacBooks, and the HDMI slot located perfectly for functionality!

	
  Came very handy, compatible with my mac air 2018 I just bought and have all the ports I need.

	
  Great item. It’s used almost daily. Very convenient.

	
  Loved it! Works great

	
  Me encanto ya que me ayuda mucho con mi IPad Air Pro a traspasar las fotos desde ella hasta el usb

	
  had it for some time now and I love it just as good as the one apple sells u just way cheaper

	
  Adapter is sturdy and lightweight making it easy to carry around and doesn't ruin the usb port.  I will be ordering another soon.  Do no hesitate to get.

	
  it's small and nice. nothing to complain about! next thing to see is how long it last.

	
  Muy buen adaptador fácil de llevar y practico me encanta

	
  Light weight with added different type of hubs makes life easier

	
  I bought this for my MacBook Pro this is great little hub it performs well for my needs the best part of it was price. I have no issues with it.

	
  Works great, no complaints.

	
  great hub. compact, sleek design. easy to use. works perfectly with my new dell xps13.

	
  compact and enough ports for all my things. good quality

	
  The USB-C hub I had before, which looks almost exactly the same, has an overheating problem. This product perfectly solves the problem.

	
  Works perfect, I love it to connect my tv to my MacBook. No issues and the quality of the material is good

	
  Loved the product.  Good quality and portable. Really light weight and has all the required sockets.

	
  Does all the things in high def, happy with my purchase.

	
  Works pretty good and has been of great use to connect usb and hard disk. Material seems good.Overall, happy with the purchase.

	
  it's a nice hub. though the usb ports are a little bit slow for large file manipulation, it is a well-built product. i would recommend.

	
  Works well and gets the job done!

	
  Perfect device for all my needs! It’s been a little over a week and works as described.

	
  Since Lenovo left out USB ports, I needed something like this for input and communication.  Nothing weird easy plug and play solution

	
  Has everything you need on the new Mac that is no longer there. Great product!

	
  Easy to use and allows so many devices to plug in.  Use all of the time.

	
  Works great with a Samsung S5e tab. Makes my new tab as useful as my laptop for travel!

	
  Awesome color, very satisfied with the design and usability, incredibly light, and easy to carry. overall very happy with the product

	
  I ordered this for my Asus Chromebook and it allows me to connect everything I need through one hub. Highly recommended.

	
  Great product! Exactly what I needed. Lightweight fits in my laptop case

	
  Portable hub to add another HDMI projector/screen to your existing setup.  Works as described and easy to setup... just plug it in.

	
  Ad Adv, allows me to expand my inputs

	
  This is a great device of perfect size.

	
  I use this when I travel for work and it hasn't failed me yet.  Easy to plug in and all the ports are easily accessible.

	
  This Hub works great with my iPad Pro. I use it with my external hard drive.

	
  I have a newer MacBook Air and I needed several different ports for other items to connect with my laptop. Happy with my purchase. Very useful.

	
  Great Quality and has all the slot that I need.  Great for traveling as well.

	
  Works great,  easy to use, convenient

	
  Does what I need it to do, works great.

	
  I like everything about this product. It has the basic essential ports that I need as a student without being too expensive. I would recommend!

	
  Love this adapter and how I am able to charge more than one thing at a time .

	
  It's easy to use, and the usb transfer is very quick, much better than my previous one. It also have mirco sd port, which I  use frequently. It's good value to me.

	
  nice little ports

	
  this usb c is the perfect tool for the macbooks that do not have usb ports anymore...works perfectly

	
  Strurdy product, very handy

	
  This product is perfect for anyone who needs my ports than their device allows, the simple USB C connection is versatile and aloes for easy compatibility anywhere!

	
  Worked as expected. Very convenient!

	
  The metal case is well designed with good thermal dissipation.  I use this for my iPad pro to read SD cards, it works very well.

	
  Good USB hub, small size and 7 interface ports, like a small docking station.

	
  I didn't think this product would be this nice for the price, but the quality was there, and the portability of it is great. 10/10 recommend.

	
  Love this adapter for my MacBook, allows more usb slots and love the sd reader feature. Great product.

	
  So far so good! Well made with sturdy construction and works as intended.

	
  Got this for my daughter to take to college with her new MacBook, she loves all the inputs, works great. Her roommate ended up getting one as well after seeing my daughter’s.

	
  This has made using my tablet on a monitor with a wireless keyboard  and wireless mouse easy.  I have loved every bit of this product.

	
  This simply worked as advertised. plugged into the port on my new MacBook Pro and was off and running. Good value at a fair price.

	
  It’s a simple product that simply works. Great addition to my iPad Pro running iOS 13.

	
  I've used the SD card slot and the USB ports. It works well--No issues yet. And it also works well when multiple things are plugged in at once, which is what I bought it for.

	
  I use this for my Dell laptop. This is a good USB-C connector and easy to use. This definitely have so much more functionality. I love it. Simple connection via HDMI to a monitor. Anyway good quality.

	
  Awesome! Sooo helpful with my new computer. Helps all my older chords still work out. 👍

	
  Works perfectly for my Mac. The kids can use it with their drawing pad, thumb drives etc. It’s portable and sturdy. I have no problems with it

	
  i like much

	
  This product is great works well with my mac book pro. I use it to connect my printer to my laptop and bring it to school for access sone usb files in class. Great price too.

	
  Works amazing with the ipad pro 3rd generation, really easy to use. I love it...

	
  So compact and works on my Mac laptop!

	
  Great for my Cheap Acer.  Added lots of features.  Allowed me to add 2 screens to my laptop

	
  Very portable and have way too many ports for all needs

	
  I can charge my phone while working with multiple outlets available and I can plug in whatever I need to.

	
  The product is exactly as described and works exactly as it should. Build quality is very good. I do wish the cable was about 2-3 inches longer.

	
  This works for me as I found my new Mac Book Pro did not have a USB port.

	
  I use it to access USB files, connect to my TV via HDMI and my canon camera. Works great very sleek looking matches my Macbook Air and a great price and value.

	
  This USB C HUB is very lightweight and easy to carry. The transfer is very fast and has smooth connection.

	
  This product is very easy to use and works well. It did not have any connection problems with my MacBook. The various ports makes it super convenient to have it all in one in a small compact adaptor!

	
  I love this! it literally made my life so much easier. I can use my USB, HDMI , charger, and printer line to do all at once. My MacBook would probably wouldn't be as useful to me as this.

	
  Convenient all-in-one Hub works great between, camera, laptop and printer.Solid construction, reliable provides multi functions in one convenient device.

	
  It did everything that I wanted it too. I have never had any problems with it. It's not too big, and bulky either. Good quality.

	
  Great product! Bought this for my iPad Pro. Looked at other big retailers and found name brand products for 80-100$. This adapter has the same functions, works perfect, and cost 80% less. No brainer.

	
  This was exactly what I was looking for.  Packs small but provides all the connections I need. Would purchase again.

	
  Item works Great! Very durable construction!

	
  It works great for my ipad pro 11. I can connect my flash drive and mouse with it. Now my ipad can be used as a laptop.

	
  Great product. Use it with my Mac Pro laptop to connect to regular external HDD storage as well as projectors via HDMI. Also use it to read memory card etc.  All work as expected.

	
  This product works very well. It's nice to have multiple USB ports. I also like the color and style -- it matches my mac laptop. It's also a slim design that is easy to fit into a bag or laptop case.

	
  Good for the price. Does what it needs to, and it looks nice. So nice it made me rhyme unintentionally.

	
  works as described. like it has 3 usb ports.

	
  Aesthetic and durable, the design is great and offers exactly what I need for work! The casing & size is durable and sleek for travel and daily use.

	
  Exactly what I was looking for. The color matched exactly to my 12 inch space gray MacBook. I bought another one from another seller and the color was off.

	
  This adapter works flawlessly for accessories and storage devices for my iPad that only has a USB-C. I would definitely recommend this product.

	
  Convenient

	
  This item is very useful. Shipping was fast

	
  This product plugs into my laptop and provide instant access to hdmi monitor, printer and flash drives.  Easy, effective.  I love this device

	
  Great value, still works with no issues even in rough environments.

	
  Everything about this product is great! I love how conveniently sized it is, it has plenty of slots, and the color matches my MacBook very well!

	
  This is the perfect Hub - I can connect my USB printer and my USB external hard drive and other USB device at the same time.  Also works great to connect my mac to my smart TV via HDMI.  And a great price!

	
  It fits my Dell xps 13. Very good.

	
  I love that I can add all my USB attachments and camera/phone disk all together! Everything I was looking for and more great quality as well.

	
  This is everything I expected. Extremely convenient. I gave a low rating for camera quality because I have no experience with it.

	
  This device has not failed on me yet and is very reliable when traveling around. The best part is the HDMI port and saves me so much time when it comes to plugging in ports as a photographer this is great!

	
  I was very happy with this product.  It was exactly as it was advertised.  I used it for my laptop and was very satisfied.

	
  Like that is is compact and doesn't take up much spacemakes it easy to go btw my MAC and Dell for things like printing and transferring files from one to the other

	
  Plug and played just as I had hoped.

	
  Great port extender for my HP envy.  Card reader is fast, HDMI hook up to larger screen works great. Amazing little device

	
  Item works as described. I’ve been using mines for 1 week and no issues so far. A friend of mine suggested this one and he’s had his for a while with no issues. We both have a newer MacBook Pro

	
  Ok item

	
  simple and has just what I need for my Macbook Air

	
  This Item is really needed with the new MacBook Pro’s.  They work exactly as advertised.  It is sturdy and Strong.  We use it everyday. After several months it is still working like day one.

	
  A Miracle, great company and amazing customer service. The hub wasn't compatible with my device and they were very quick with a response and a refund, I will be ordering from A Miracle again!!!

	
  Purchased this due to limited number of usb ports on new Macbook Pro.  This was very helpful to connect additional peripherals.

	
  Awesome product would strongly recommend for your MacBook!

	
  My MacBook Air has virtual no memory. This hub is perfect!

	
  Used for my laptop and so perfect

	
  If you need to connect with multiple devises, this is the tool for you. Great quality and super easy to use! I would buy again.

	
  Great product. So convenient for my new Apple 16in laptop.

	
  The hub connects my MacBook Pro 2019 with the backup drive and the monitor in my home office.  The product has never given me any issues so much so i don't even remember of its existence. It is compact and well designed.

	
  Speeds are accurate. Use every day with no issues. Mine stays connected to my desk and I only unplug if I take my MacBook out the house. Great quality for price. Would buy again!

	
  Product is well designed and functions well, allowing us to connect USB devices, connect to HDMI external monitor and read memory cards.  Great product for the price.

	
  This hub works perfectly as advertised. I was surprised at the construction. It feels really solid and well made and even has a little led that says when it is active. It worked immediately with my mac without any fuss and became part of my workflow right away.

	
  Its a pretty good adapter for a good price for 7 ports. The USB and SD card ports are very useful. Though the HDMI port says 4K, I don't feel like its 4K but its not too bad either. Overall its a good buy.

	
  In the confusion stage of plug in transitions, this little device is my new best friend.  It works well, has multiple options, is lightweight and compact.  I highly recommend it.

	
  Design provides the convenience of being out of the way when plugged in and has ports for all of my media attachments.

	
  The color matches my space grey mac pro and works well. The HDMI port is limited to 4k@30hz, which is fine for simple presentations.The usb 3.0 ports are true 3.0 speed, and do not use the slower usb 2.0 pins.

	
  I had it for couple of weeks now and I gotta say this works like a charm! Easy to use, plug and play on my Note 10+. Yes this adapter is compatible with Note 10+ and you can use samsung dex with this adapter.

	
  This works perfectly, and it's so nice to have multiple USB ports! The HDMI connection is great, too. All of that, and it's so much more affordable that the Apple dongles with just one USB.

	
  I bought this adapter for my Macbook, I've used it for several weeks and it's been great! It's small and barely occupy any space; also easy to carry around and really good looking. No problem of using it so far. A+++

	
  Portable, essential accessory for those with newer laptops designed with USB-C ports. The product arrived quickly and works great, a true value when compared to other similar products that I have purchased at a much higher price.

	
  Product is solidly built and looks great with the MacBook Pro. Best Feature is HDMI port out the side -- works well with the HDMI cable routing in a home office.

	
  This was just as described, fast shipping and works great. I'd recommend it if you need a simple/easy to use usb hub.

	
  This is an excellent, metal USB-C hub and exactly what I was expecting.  My only problems were that some of my devices don't support the video output, which has nothing to do with this product.

	
  I bought this one to replace a lost one that didn't have a flexible cable. I actually really like that the flexible cable makes it easier to move it around and plug/unplug my SD cards.

	
  This device does what it says it does and has a nice small form-factor for portability.  Nice job!

	
  I have been using it for now a month and it is a solid product. very convenient for my travelling needs. never felt like a loose connection as was the case with my previous USB C hub. I would definitely recommend this product as such a great price.

	
  This is the first time I've bought one of these and it works as expected. I wanted the card reader because I have a camera that I use an SD card with. This was for my MacBook Air.

	
  Works great

	
  Despite the compact form, the positioning of the slots is well thought through. The HDMI slot on the far end makes connecting to TVs and large screens easy, while the USB slots on the side are perfect for plugging in small portable usb drives.

	
  I just keep this in my bag for any of the needs that come up for my Macbook Pro. No matter what connection I need, for my main uses, it fits the bill.

	
  I absolutely love it. It’s very portable. I like how the color matches my space grey Macbook. It seems to be working well. I will update after some time. But I do recommend it. I like that it was very affordable as well. It works with 2019 Macbooks just if anyone wants to know.

	
  If you are into business or pleasure, this is a must have all purpose accessory that every Macbook Pro/Air owner should have. Looks great and stylish and functions great!

	
  With the new MacBooks I needed something to be able to use all the regular USB ports. It is smaller than I thought it would be which works for me. It fits into the same case as my external hard drive so it’s easy to take wherever I need to go.

	
  Works fine for me as of 5/19/20.

	
  When the adapter I received has defects, the seller kindly offer to compensate me. No matter whether they send me a replacement or not, I applaud their gesture to offer great customer services.

	
  I just purchase Apple MacBook pro 16 and ordered this hub works great and give me all the functions needed. Also look like it is part of the apple system with style (Aluminum).

	
  This card reader is compact and well-made. Highly recommended.

	
  It is very handy and sleek. Very light weight and easy to carry. Its performance is really great. I can easily connect many devices at a time. This is perfectly what I wanted. I am absolutely loving it.

	
  This 7 in 1 adapter is great! It gave me an SD card reader and another HDMI out which is very nice. The added USB 3.0 ports are great for the added expansion. This product is very portable so I love to use it with my laptop also. Overall, great product!

	
  Thank You

	
  👍🏼

	
  It’s a very helpful product and I’m so happy to spend money on it .It helped with my new HP laptop as it has many uses, very light so i take it with me everywhereI’m really never been happy for something I bought more than this USB hub

	
  Lightweight, slim and easy to use. I had no issues with it and it’s compatible with my c port MacBook Pro. Don’t waste your money on the expensive one. This does just as good for way less money.

	
  Nice product, looks more expensive than you would think for the price!

	
  I liked everything about this.

	
  Great

	
  While it does work 99% of the time, the hdmi output cuts out. Un plugging and replugging it works to fix it. Just a little annoying sometimes.

	
  I bought this product because my work gave me a device that only had a USBc port and I still needed to connect multiple other peripherals. This device has worked flawlessly since arriving. I highly recommend this solution, especially when comparing the price to a Microsoft docking station.

	
  Useful to use other devices

	
  Bought this to use with our all in one system.  Great utility that makes it so I don't have to reach around behind the screen.

	
  When I saw the user manual was one page, I wondered about the lack of detail. Turns out, anyone could install this and immediately start to use. It works as advertised and I am very pleased as my new Surface came with one USB port. I am very happy with the Hub.

	
  The product is great and a good value for money. All the peripherals are working fine. The only issue is that the cord seems to be a little delicate and it causes connection issues sometimes even it is disturbed slightly . The HDMI and USB port are great and I use it regularly for my work.

	
  I recently ordered a MacBook Pro for college since I am going for Graphic Design. I quickly realized that I would need multiple ports/adaptors to handle all my projects. This works perfectly! It has everything I need in a small, portable hub!

	
  This was exactly what we needed. The new MacBookPro only has two ports, and we need a whole bunch more than that when the computer is at home. This was the perfect solution. We have not tried the SD slots yet, but everything is working perfectly.

	
  This hub saved my life during because the Macbook I used only had 2 USB-Cs ports and still needing to access USB 3.0 and anything else that I needed to utilize like HDMI. Data transfers were smooth and fast. I'm really happy with this hub I highly recommend it.

	
  This hub has exceeded my expectations. It works great for HDMI, and I have never had a connectivity problem with it. Great quality overall!

	
  I really like how feature packed it is and how compact it is. It has a very aesthetically pleasing look. Works as expected with my new Macbook Air.

	
  This works great on my new MacBook Pro. I've used it to hook my computer up to my tv, as well as hook it up to an m-track audio interface for recording and never had any issues.

	
  A slender and sleek Style provides multi adapter options.

	
  Would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a usb c hub. The material feels real durable. Its small and sleek looking easy to travel with. I use it all the time to stream sports games from my laptop to my tv.

	
  Easy to use, and very convenient!

	
  After buying my Apple Macbook Pro with USB-A ports, I needed a hub to allow me to plug in all my USB-3 devices. This is working just as I hoped. It is well made and very small. I highly recommend it.

	
  Absolutely love my hub! This is the best hub out there. It does not disconnect at all and everything plugs in swiftly! It’s the perfect extension to your laptop.

	
  Bought it to add more ports to my macbook air and I  use it with my android tablet too. Small, portable and works great.

	
  The product works well for what me, a graphic design student who needs to transfer photoshop, word files etc to my MacBook pro from my external hard drive that doesn't have the usb-c port wire. It has a nice weight to it and doesn't feel like cheap plastic.

	
  I just purchased an Apple laptop recently and ordered a USB C HUB for technical versatility with my laptop. Very easy to use and the the quality of the product is accurate. Perfect for what I needed!

	
  Have been using this device for about 2 months and it works as expected.  No issues with any of the ports.  Arrived on time and was well packaged and in good condition.

	
  It's everything I needed and for a better price than I expected. It works perfect and looks great in person; it matches my space gray MacBook Pro perfectly. I've ran into no problems with it at all. I spent a long time comparing different adapters like this with other ones that cost a lot more, and I think this is the best one for your money.

	
  I was looking for a portable, weightless, diverse device that would allow me to connect me external devices to the MacBook Pro whose ports are no longer available on the computer itself. I have been using it for about three months and it has been a great purchase. Not as pricy as the Best Buy's limited choices and very practical. This is a MUST have.

	
  the material of the product truly feels sturdy and of good quality, definitely worth the price you pay. all ports work as planned and the chord that attaches the dongle to your computer is very flexible. i'm not worried about bending the chord when packing it along with other supplies for travel! you get exactly what you expected~

	
  I love how easy it was to put my various devices into this device. It worked immediately with my MAC and has given me no problems at all.

	
  Great product charges devices adequately

	
  It's so compact and it's compatible with Inspiron 7000! I tried to test the write speed from my usb using this, and I was surprised that this is 2x faster than the usb port in the laptop! Definitely recommend this one as this has 3 usb ports, an HDMI, an SD and micro SD card reader! Worth every dollar!

	
  Works perfect and the all in one design makes it easy to use multiple devices at once.

	
  I ordered the product on Sunday and it arrived on Tuesday. So far it has been great. I got a new Mac and my wireless mouse has a regular USB piece so I needed the hub for that reason. I am not a fan of touchpads! Anyways it seems to work great! I haven't tried the other ports but I have no fear that there will be any problems.

	
  Has everything you could ask for

	
  Very nice and doesn’t feel cheap. Love that it has the light indicator. No complaints

	
  This Product is amazing and works great with my apple device. Great value.

	
  This usb c hub works great for my macbook pro 2019!! i use it mainly for college projects or to connect my laptop to a tv for streaming. the usb c hub doesn't really warm up and every port is included for such a great price!

	
  Great price and exactly what I need for my MacBook!

	
  Solid product, no surprises, proactive vendor. I'm a happy camper with this purchase.

	
  this charger works great! i have used time and time again without any issues :) would definitely recommend this product. also very convenient without having to have multiple boxes for each charger (when using in an outlet). simply attach the charging cord to this charger into your computer---does not drain the computer batter either

	
  Love this product, works perfectly with my MacBook Pro so I can use my special keyboard and mouse set up for carpal tunnel. I would purchase again.

	
  Got it for my new mac book pro and it works like a charm. Quite sleek and matches my mac book pro color.

	
  It has been a reliable adapter for the last 4 months. It has solid built quality, works flawlessly and is a good companion with my XPS laptop. The only drawback is that cable has memory, therefore, remains bent most of the time. However, it does not impact performance in any way. I would buy it again and could recommend to others.

	
  This a fabulous product, I use it every day with no issues.

	
  I love this little piece, it has really helped because there's literally none of these plug-ins on my new MacBook Air!! My fav is the fact that I can plug my camera memory card into my computer now!!

	
  This unit is compact and works great on my Samsung Note 10+. All of the ports I've tried have worked with out issue.

	
  Great little gadget. Compact and does the job. I use it mainly on my Mac to keep my phone charged.

	
  A great addition to my laptop. the slim profile makes it an easy add to my bag and greatly enhances my available ports. I use it to run 2 portable hard drives and charge my phone as well as enabling the use of a secon screen when at home. love it and use it frequently. would buy again

	
  Excellent product feels and looks durable combined with all needed adapters built into one.

	
  The hub feels really sturdy and works great so far. Not as bulky as other hubs I've had in the past and its extremely convenient to have direct hdmi out built right in. It gets the job done of having a whole bunch of different adapters, which is what I dealt with in the past. Here's hoping the quality is as sturdy as it feels and lasts as long as my laptop does.

	
  This product has worked very well the past few months. It is small and light weight, and works great with my new apple laptop that only came with the 2 small USB C ports. I have used the sd card reader and USB ports.  I have not used the HDMI port, or micro usb yet, but its nice to have them when I need them.  I would definitely purchase this again.

	
  I wish I had two of these! It has worked perfectly for me. It is easy to use and easy to take with me between work and home.

	
  This USB Hub seems to be built well and functions as it should.  The price is fair for a hub that delivers on performance.  I would purchase this again.

	
  Quality product, well made. Easy to use, highly portable. Gives me the additional ports I need on my new laptop that only has one USB port. Will also come in handy on vacation transferring photos using the memory card slots.

	
  The hub is compact, light and with has all the ports that are needed on a day-to-day basis. There are other hubs that are really big but this one is a good size and is great to take when traveling.$

	
  Fits perfect my Mac Pro with C drive

	
  It works as advertised. I haven’t had any problems with this multiport adaptor. Note I don’t have need for all of the options included, I mainly use the hdmi and usb ports.

	
  I've been holding out buying a dongle for my MacBook Pro because of the Apple price point (super expensive). When I saw this hub, I immediately purchased it for the price alone. I've been using everyday for the past two months, mostly using two external hard drives and an SD card all at once, and never have I had any issues are even so much as a lag. Highly recommend.

	
  I was so excited to discover that I could get an adapter so I could hook up my ethernet via USB to my iPad Pro!  This little gadget is AMAZING!  Plugged it in and BAM...I had internet!  THANK YOU!!!!!

	
  Really enjoy this product for its size and utility. Although it's small, it contains ports for everything I have ever had to use. I also like that it has three USB ports for when I want to charge multiple items. This product also doesn't overheat for me, which is an issue that is common among other multiport adapters. Overall, really recommend getting this dongle!

	
  I am a college student and I recently bought a separate monitor to help with coding on my laptop. I needed an adapter that had an HDMI port for my separate monitor and USB ports for my mouse and separate keyboard. This adapter definitely did what I needed it to do and was fairly cheap compared to other competitors.

	
  Fits within a hand. No problem using it at all.

	
  Great product! Works well and is very solid. However the HDMI connection doesn’t support 4K monitors, just FYI.

	
  I am thrilled with my new hub. Did quite a bit of research before buying and glad I came across this product. It has everything I need, the materials and workmanship are top notch and it works flawlessly. What else can I say. I would recommend this item to all. You will not be disappointed one bit.

	
  Works and looks great. Use it for my pictures and to charge my phone since my MacBook doesn’t have any of these ports. I’ve had it for 2 months already and use it often. Also matches the space grey look.

	
  This is a great product to serve a myriad of capacities. It is compact so that you can pack it easily and compactly and take it along on a trip. It enable you to enhance your device in many different ways and allows it to perform without the addition of extra baggage.

	
  I am a graduate student who frustrates over adapters not working after several uses. However, after having USB C Hub for a few months, it's clear to me that this model is one of the best on the market. Past adapters I have used broke or would lose connection without applying hand pressure. I definitely would urge any student or young professional who wants a reliable and portable adapter to buy USB C Hub Multiport Adapter.

	
  I've been using this for about a week, and so far it's given me no trouble. It's very convenient, as I can plug in the HDMI cable and mouse and keyboard USBs into the adapter and only need the plug the USB C into my laptop, allowing for a single unplug when I need to take my laptop somewhere. It also frees up the ports on the laptop itself, which leaves an ample amount for my personal use.

	
  Perfect for home, and bring on the road! I’ve used it with my Mac and iPad Pro with no issue.

	
  This slim device was able to charge all my devices as well as give me multiple options for data transfer and superb quality for HDMI data transfer.. it works beautifully, plug and play, no drivers needed. I love the metal case . I had multiple questions before purchasing this product because I had been burnt before with the more expensive ones. The customer service was fantastic, they responded almost immediately. I would give this product 5 stars for its quality and price!!

	
  I had a hybrid that only had a USB c connection. This solved my problem with connecting other USB type connections.

	
  Did the trick for a much cheaper price than other products. my only complaint (which has more to do with the fact that i need the product, more than the product itself) was that i wish i could safely leave it plugged into my laptop. with it being attached to a cord, i don't feel i can do that. otherwise, it feels very well made and works just perfectly.

	
  This product works flawless and does what its suppose to.  Im very happy with my purchase!  Thankyou!!

	
  The quality and look is awesome, it definitely adds up to Macbook pro. I purchased it in August and it works perfect. It serves the purpose in the very cost effective (comparing $100+ from apple). I love the product and surely recommend it to others. I use it daily to connect my mac to the monitor using HDMI port of the adapter.

	
  This is an awesome little device that helped clean up the aesthetics of my PC Gaming Desk. Fast 3.0 ports for my mouse, keyboard, and Astro Amp...im using a laptop. Yea i kno i kno.

	
  This is a great quality product which is easily configured  with all device hookups. Highly recommend.

	
  I have a lap top that I use primarily, but when at my desk I need to be able to plug in a big screen, printer, speakers etc. This hub has made all of that possible. It is slim and sleek. Lays flat with the cords attaching to the side so all is flat on the desk top. I had one that "works" but it wasn't near as convenient of as nice looking as this one. Thank you for making a cool product!!

	
  When I bought a new MacBook , apple tried to sell me an adapter (with way fewer ports than this one) for triple the price. This product is priced well and has a great amount of USB ports. Best of all, the material used to make the adapter matches the metal used to make my laptop--same texture, same color, which adds to the aesthetic. This adapter is infinitely better than the white, bulky, overpriced, less useful apple adapter.

	
  i bought this so i could have various ports for my macbook pro that only has the USB-C ports now. It works great and the quality feels nice. It’s also small enough to keep in a case and not be bulky at all.

	
  I recently bought myself a new MacBook Pro to teach online, only to find out that it only has USB-C ports. This has been a lifesaver! I plug my headset into it to teach online and I also plug my Cricut in when I craft. I've had it for a few months now and it has held up well.

	
  Small, does not take up a ton of space. very useful. i currently work from home every day. My laptop has only one HDMI, two USB and one USB C port. this has enabled me to add a second external HDMI monitor, USB Headphones and a second PIV card reader.

	
  I use this as a hub to my Macbook Pro. It is a high quality product and I like it.I certainly recommend it to anyone, as it can be used with any Laptop, PC or Macbook etc.

	
  This hub is the best item ever to make my older laptop more vestal.  All the ports have worked perfectly for my needs.  It really tied up, or freed up things I wanted to do.

	
  Perfect. Just what I needed for my MacBook Pro (13-inch, 2019, Four Thunderbolt 3 ports). So far, so good. :-)

	
  I needed a hub for my Macbook since upgrading.  I am a photographer/videograhper and needed to be able to access and upload data from my SD cards and transfer data to hard drives. This hub checks every box.Simple design and not made cheaply. the only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because sometimes (very rare now) i will have to reinsert a card a few times for it to register.  This has not happened in a while though.Great quality, great price.

	
  Got this mainly to add more USB 3/2 for my laptop instead of the USB C, and am currently using for both keyboard and mouse, about a week of use so far.  Works well, no apparent delay/latency in typing or mouse movement.  Hasn't overheated at all, but haven't needed to use the HDMI port or SD slots yet to say for sure.  Lightweight and seems well built, but should be for the price in my opinion.  At this point, would not hesitate to buy again and do recommend as a good device.

	
  Video quality is great, I use this thing a lot - more and more computers are coming with only USB-C ports so it comes in handy quite often.  I work in IT and keep it in my bag, I use it almost daily.  It works great and the USB ports are fast.  Very happy with my purchase!

	
  This hub works great and is well made. Quality seems to be very good. Small size helps with traveling and storage.

	
  I like this addition to my MacBook since computers are trying to be "sleek" so that you can end up paying more money for stuff that used to come with the laptop. Mine is working well and I use it mostly for the USB. It is very easy to travel with and goes everywhere with me in my carrying case.

	
  this extensive port adds five more ports to my laptop.  It is a great tool, that I carry with me in my laptop bag when I travel and when I work.  It is a great tool for adding ports and flexibility to my laptop.

	
  I bought this adapter for my Macbook Pro last June. I have used that for almost one year. This adapter is really useful. Three USB3.0 ports are enough for my daily use, to connect external drive or flash drive. I rarely used SD card reader, as I do not have SD card in hand.HDMI port is really great, with that I can use external 4K monitor. That's a must to me, since my daily work is to write code and analyze data.I would highly recommend it if you are looking for a decent adapter for you Macbook.

	
  I needed at 3 port USB adapter with SD, Micro SD and HDMI for my mobile work environment.  This has been a consistent performer for me as I have used many other adapters and have given all of those away to keep this one as it works every time and works with high quality.  With the metal shell, it had had to take a beating in my bag and continues to work.  Well done!

	
  This little hub is great to have; I own a Macbook Pro which only has USB type C ports, a USB to type C adaptor is usually a little bit bulky, sometimes I have to unplug one device in order to fit in another device even though there are two ports on the side because the gap between ports is not wide enough to fit both adaptors. This hub provides a good solution. It is very nicely made, the design looks sleek and feels nice. I highly recommend it.

	
  Quality build and durable. Everything works like a charm, currently maxing this thing out by using almost every port every day at the same time. You can use all these at the same time no problem. The fact this thing has a dongle and doesn't sit flush means you won't mess up the inside of your +$2000 macbook pro. Buy this thing.

	
  Nice to have so many ports and variety of ports for all my needs.  I hope it lasts a long time as I use it constantly and would be super limited in what I could do without it.

	
  First one I ordered was dead on arrival. They immediately sent me a new one works perfect with my note 9. Does work with DeX but phone needs to be charged above 80% and I cant figure out 8way to charge phone while in dex mode. Need an adapter. Thank you guys awesome product even better customer service.

	
  I have a late 2016 Macbook Pro with 4 USB-C type connections, so hooking up a monitor, or USB-A devices can be problematic. This dongle has HDMI and USB-3 type A connections and has a very similar look, feel, and finish to my Macbook Pro.  It's nice and small, easy to carry in my laptop bag. My only complaint is I've already lost two of these by accidentally leaving them in conference rooms.

	
  This dongle has everything I need in a small form factor that easily fits in the small mesh zip pocket of my backpack. The build quality seems solid for the price and the color perfectly matches Apple's space gray. One note - when I attach my 2018 Macbook Pro to a monitor via the HDMI port on this > an HDMI to DisplayPort cord, it did not work. I do not directly fault the dongle for this as it could be a variety of factors with compatibility since there's a couple changes in port type (USB-c > HDMI > DP), but something to look out for if you're in that situation.

	
  This is my fourth or fifth USB-C adaptor. Annoyingly, each adaptor lacked one thing that I needed to be using concurrently, so I thought this would replace them all. However, I was wrong. It doesn't contain an input for the power adaptor, so you can only use this alone if you are needing to charge your computer--not with another USB-C device. So it doesn't serve the purpose I was hoping for. If you don't need this for a charging outlet, it serves a good purpose and is compact. I was impressed with the company's response in issuing me a full refund immediately for the purchase—very unusual and appreciated.

	
  I just got the new Macbook pro and am annoyed that Apple removed all of the critical USB and SD card ports. This adapter solves that problem. The material its made of is durable and not cheap feeling, and it has all the inputs I need to do work, school, and leisure on my laptop. This will come in handy all the time!

	
  I have 3 or 4 devices that I connect to my laptop at a given time, including peripherals, portable HDDs, SD cards, USB thumb drives, cameras, phones/pads, and an HDTV. I'm in need for ports of all kind: USB, SD, and HDMI. I happen to transfer large files as well between devices (mainly for backup purpose).This USB hub satisfies my needs fantastically. Its design is sleek and simple. The aluminum body looks compact and sturdy. The file transfer speed is awesome. I seriously recommend this product.One thing I noticed is if the HMDI cable (to a HDTV) was inserted to the hub before booting my laptop, the laptop wouldn't boot after I pressed the power button (I got a blank screen). After removing the HDMI from the hub, the laptop booted just fine. Reinserting the HDMI cable, the HDTV worked fine as a monitor, too. I'm not sure if this is a problem with the hub. Therefore, this observation won't affect my decision giving the USB hub a 5-star rating.

	
  I bought this hub because I needed a hub for my recently purchased Dell XPS.  The interfaces on the Dell Laptop were only USB-C.  For my work I need to be able to access  USB 3.0 and HDMI devices.  I use the HDMI port to project my laptop screen.  I did an extensive search on Amazon for USB-C hubs.  This product had all the features that I needed, was composed of aluminum for better heat dissipation and was reasonably priced.  In my opinion it was the best value for the  money.So far the hub has performed perfectly with no problems.

	
  This HDMI adapter is nicely designed, and work well with my galaxy note 9.  I used this adapter to connect my phone to a large monitor, so I can use my phone as a computer.  So, its work well.  I would recommend to anyone that looking for this device.

	
  Works amazing with my Samsung Galaxy Book 2! I needed this multiport adaptor because my tablet/laptop does not use USBs so this multiport I'd a huge game changer and I didn't realize it's not uses USBd but also HDMI, SD and TF. I GOT A LOT FOR THE MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT! Price is fair and reasonable and it instantly works on my tablet/laptop. No download required and easily to use! Will buy more in the near future!

	
  My laptop only has two USB ports; since I use one for my mouse, that only leaves one for anything else I might need. This product gives me three additional ports, which is so helpful. I can plug in a thumb drive, my cell phone, and my tablet all at once.  It’s really small and light, but it also feels sturdy. It also doesn’t get overheated when I use it for a long time.  Totally worth it, especially for traveling.

	
  this product is durable, sleek, and great in size. The USB-C cord is thick and durable and made of high end material. It has enough flex to move around, but not enough to kink the wire easily to mess it up. It has a solid aluminum finish to it i believe and it isnt an eye sore with a super bright color. Its finished with a glossy/matte grey so it is easy on the eye. It comes with every port i needed and more without being too big at all. Its perfect size to throw in your pocket or inside your laptop sleeve. Overall its a great product and has had no issues since i first bought it, which was almost a year ago now.

	
  This hub was exactly what I needed. I use multiple screens at work with my laptop and need to use an HDMI cable, so having that port at the end of the hub is great. I also use a USB wireless mouse. I love that it only takes up one of my USB-C ports to handle both of those, leaving the other 3 ports on my laptop free for my power cable or something else. It's super compact yet offers plenty of functionality. The design/look of it blends right in to the rest of my devices.

	
  I have not used this item very long but my initial impression is that it is well made.  The selection of ports is good and the build quality appears excellent.  When you hold and examine this item it appears of the same high quality as do Apple products.  The case is as best I can tell the same quality aluminum as are Apple computer cases.  Longevity is unknown at this point but I am impressed with what I have seen and the few times I have used it.

	
  with only limited ports on the new macbook air, it is nice to have some of these options. but i didn't want to muck up the aesthetic of the laptop by having some clunky device attached to it. this hub though is very nice and slick and matches so perfectly the space grey macbook color. it is almost like a proper apple product that was meant to go along with it. everything works well, too. no issues so far.

	
  I recently purchased a new laptop with only one USB port and a type c option.  This multiport adapter is perfect.  It is slim and easy to pack.  Itoffers extra ports for usb, SD card, and more!  Also competitively priced.  Highly recommend!

	
  Seems solid and well made.  I was able to show my Power Point presentations from my phone. I can't get it to respond when I connect it to my Samsung  Tablet, but I suspect I may need to look at settings on my device.  So far I like it.  I think it will do what I need it to do.

	
  When I recently switched to a MacBook Pro (2019) from a 2014... I realized that my wireless mouse would no longer be compatible because it used a USB 3.0 while the new Mac required USB C.  I considered buying an adapter from Apple because I wasn't sure about "third party" adapters you could find on Amazon, but I did some research and found this one.PROS:This adapter is amazing!Lightweight, slim, and compactFeels and looks "expensive" (if that matters to you)Lights up when plugged into your laptop to show that it's connectedHDMI outputOnly CON: ports aren't super smooth... like there's a little resistance when plugging in USB 3.0 into adapter (compared to plugging a USB straight into a laptop)** This con doesn't really bother me, just thought it might be helpfulI really like that this adapter has the HDMI output, because I need it when presenting off of my laptop and I also like connecting my laptop to the tv for videos/movies (best if you don't have smart tvs) for entertainment.  The HDMI output is was really sold me on getting this adapter versus many others I was looking at.  For this price and you get at least 6 different ports that you'll most likely use in your daily life, compared to a $50 adapter that has 12 ports that you MAY or may not use.I recommend this one for people who are looking into adapters for their Macs (or any other laptops that use USB C now)

	
  Hub is well made with a good cord, not flimsy like the others I tried.  Card reader works great, and in general a very good value for the money.  There are some less expensive ones (and I bought a few over the years), but this one looks like the best so far.  I will update this review if any issues arise, but after a few months of use I doubt that will be the case.  I very rarely give five star ratings across the board...but in this case it is warranted.

	
  Really liked the product when using at home, unfortunately it isn't working at my office when connecting my laptop to connected tv screen over hdmi, had to replace it with apple's hdmi adapter to fulfill my need. Not sure what made it incompatible while connecting to TV screens overs extended monitors.

	
  This HUB feels durable and has been holding up very well so far for the past 4 months I've had it. Stays cool and my mouse USB as well as two keyboard usb's are quickly identified with no loss of connection or lag time during communication.

	
  I'm a designer with a new laptop and an older separate monitor... I needed a decent hub that included an HDMI port that allowed me to hook up my monitor, and hold multiple USB drives. My newer laptop only has 2 ports and I found myself constantly switching out my USB drives. It was kind of an annoyance. This little guy is compact enough that it sits nicely behind my computer, takes up little space and allows me to run smoothly between drives.

	
  I purchased this Hub because I needed a way to display my Macbook Pro's screen onto a nearby computer monitor. This handy hub did the trick, and also includes three USB 3.0 ports and SD card readers. The material quality is very nice - as it feels metallic and durable. The device is not that heavy, but I do wish that it came with a small sleeve as well. However, for the price, this hub is very good, and I look forward to using it more with my Mac.

	
  This was really easy to connect, works awesome with all my accessories and my remote monitor (HDMI connection), with no issues or glitches.  It really made things easy and neat.  Product arrived in super packaging and in great condition .

	
  Having a smaller tablet now, I needed more than 1 USB port.  Ordered 2 for 2 different tablets we have here.I like that it has 3 USB ports, a slot for extra memory, a HDMI slot, and another slot marked TB that I don't know what is used for.  I mainly needed the USB ports for my mouse, charging my headphones, and an extra one for whatever else I might need it for.The only thing I wished it came with, that I will just add to it myself, is something so I can stick it to my tablet so it's not hanging and putting stress on the connection.Otherwise I love it and it'll be used a lot.

	
  Happy to report that this adapter seamlessly connects to my computer, after several months of use. I've only tried using the USB and SD connections, but they always work, flawlessly. I tried a larger, more expensive hub before this one and only some of the connections would show up, so I'm very happy with this one. It's a good size, and it's convenient that there are so many USB ports, which is mostly what I need it for. Having solely USB-C ports in my computer is irritating, but knowing this adapter will always work makes my life a lot easier!

	
  I have a Dell XPS 2-in-1 that has only 2 USB-C ports and no "regular" USB ports. This sleek device greatly expands this limitation and was exactly what I needed. I researched my options before buying and found this to be the best value, as well. I've used the hub half a dozen times so far (only for the USB type-A and the HDMI inputs), and it works just fine.

	
  This dongle works as directed with good quality picture through the HDMI port. I'm using a Surface Go and it was seamless usage mirroring or creating a second screen with another monitor. The USB devices have all been working as expected.My biggest worry whenever I buy these types of peripherals is 'will this be a loose, ill constructed piece of junk?'. I will say that this USB-C Hub Multiport adapter is very sturdy and feels very well put together. All the device slots are nice and tight [not loose or bad fitting]. I don't write reviews unless I really mean it and this one deserves a good one. Would recommend and would buy again.

	
  Love this little thing! It does everything I need it to do. I recently bought a Surface Pro 7 which has limited ports and wanted to upload photos onto it from a Micro and regular SD card. The Microsoft tech recommended I get a micro sd adapter and also an HDMI adapter. I was happy to find this one because it can be used for other functions as well like HDMI and USB C. This little gem helps a ton, it is very functional and has all of the different type of ports you could possibly need. Highly recommend this product and it's very good quality which will hopefully last for a long time.

	
  This is without a doubt the most reliable adapter for adding extra USB peripherals to your USB-C laptop or desktop system. As a video production teacher, I rely on this adapter for so many different scenarios, from going HDMI out to a large monitor for teaching demonstrations to the built in SD card reader that I use to quickly transfer camera files to my system.In addition, the pigtail extension cord is a great feature, as I don't have to detach the bottom portion of the of my laptop protective case to attach it to USB-C port. I have owned adapters in the past where it was required to attach two prongs of the adapter flush into the two USB-C ports on the side of my Macbook in order to enable it, but the only way to get a flush attachment was to remove the bottom portion of the protective casing. I found this to be troublesome because it would expose my laptop to unnecessary scratches and damage. I find the pigtail extension and single connecting wire to be a GREAT problem solver to previous adapters!Overall I am very pleased with this adapter and would recommend it to anyone. It has great design, ease of use and has not failed me once in the past. Great product!!!

	
  This adapter works perfectly.  It’s used with a MacBook Pro and Wacom tablet among other things, and has no issues. We are replacing a more expensive adapter that had connectivity issues and this is a dream comparatively.  Color is great, portability is perfect, no issues at all!

	
  Product is of very good quality for the price.  Aesthetics are visually appealing and match well with my laptop.  This is my first experience with usb type C, so I have not had the complete outcome of this feature.  The portability and size of this product is excellent.  Delivery was as prompt and as promised.  I am satisfied with my purchase of this product.  I would buy again.  A stand or something to hold it in place when needed would be nice.

	
  I purchased this USB-C HUB because I had just purchased a very thin, Lenovo Yoga C930 Laptop.  It had very limited connections because of its thinness and light weight.  This USB-C HUB also very thin, small, lightweight, well constructed, durable, and very inexpensive for all of its features and connections.  It is great for travel.I wish it had USB-C female power connection so it could be used as a docking station.  Unfortunately, my research showed that for that added feature the cost goes up quite a bit.  I am very happy with this HUB and am glad I bought it!

	
  I bought this to be able to use my older usb devices with my 2016 MacBook Pro. It's been more convenient than switching devices from the one adapter I bought with my MacBook each time I needed to  jump from a card reader to a drive, etc. I was even able to hook up my old early 2000s Cinema display to the HDMI port, making my workspace more than double! It's very lightweight, takes up little room and has worked wonderfully so far. As long as it continues to be a work horse I'll continue to be a very satisfied customer!

	
  I'm so glad I bought this product. When I got my new MacBook Pro, I knew I would need an adapter. After reading a bunch of different reviews, I purchased this USB C Hub. It's just perfect! I travel quite as a speaker, so I'm always needing to plug in a projector and sound cables to my laptop. This adapter fits the bill perfectly! I even was with one client and they wanted me to use their adaptor. We couldn't get it to work. Thankfully, I had this adapter with me, and I was able to make all the technology work perfectly! So glad I bought this!

	
  I ordered this dongle for my wife’s Mac mini. It looks like it belongs with the Mac mini and has added tons of functionality to the little Mac. This dongle has functioned perfectly for us and my wife has been very happy with it. The transfer rates are great, I recently played with some GoPro 4K footage and the entire experience was just plain quick. This dongle is a must if you deal with multimedia, there are so few ports on modern Macs that you flat out need one. This is the one to get.

	
  I recently upgraded to a new MacBook Pro and ran into an issue of it having just USB-C inputs, which made it hard to connect my memory cards, USB devices and even monitor via HDMI ports. I had gotten my girlfriend an USB C multiport hub that attaches flush to her MacBook Pro but it felt a little flimsy. Looking for alternatives I found this muiltiport adaptor and have been pretty happy with it. By comparison, while it didn't fit flush with my computer it felt like it was higher quality and ran into less issues about it disconnecting (none actually). I'm pretty happy with it and would recommend to a friend.

	
  I bought this for my USB-C only computer so that it could attach to my HDMI display, but it also brought a variety of other features. The fact that this one adapter has all the features I need, I don't have to hassle with switching adapters all the time and buying and buying even more adapters. It is surprisingly small and still carries so many ports, which makes it a lot easier than carrying multiple adapters all at once. It's built out of strong metal, and is much more durable than the other plastic adapters. When traveling, it's much easier than carrying multiple adapters and is a perfect fit for my portable computer which uses USB-C. One problem I just have is that the wire is not very flexible, and can sometimes be obstructive. Otherwise, this is a great product and I highly recommend buying it.

	
  I really love this hub. I bought it for my new Macbook 16" and it has been very helpful. I use it for plugging up external HDs, Sd cards, charging my phone, charging my bluetooth mouse, HDMI to connect to my TV for streaming movies, etc. I use it every day. I have had it since february and it has not failed me yet. It also seems very durable.. almost kind of heavy feeling when you hold it. I have had friends ask me where I got it and have linked them to this product and they love theirs too.

	
  I am very impressed with the build quality of this adapter.  With my new HP Envy laptop only having two USB A and one USB C ports, I need the ability to read SD memory cards and to be able to connect via HDMI to a large monitor as I work with photos.  It has worked flawlessly for me in all respects.  Transfer speeds are very fast.  I really like how compact the adapter is.  It fits easily into my travel bag with my laptop without adding any bulk.  Well done!

	
  It does work but you have to plug things in a certain order for the 4K video to work, otherwise it does not do full 4K.  You have to plug it into the computer before you plug in the HDMI to the TV.  Also I have a apple DVD drive that I cannot use with this dongle.  It does not provide enough power to it through the USB 3.0 port.  It don't understand why it shouldn't.  So I try not to unplug the dongle much.  The last thing I wish it did is output the 4K at 60Hz it only does 30Hz but the picture is still good.The customer support was very good.  They just need to fix this minor annoyance and it will be okay.

	
  I purchased a new macbook and was surprised to find that it didn't support USB plugs-only USB C. I found this adapter and I absolutely love it. I can add multiple USB cords, and an sd cord which exceeds my expectations. It's small and easy to transport. I had no problems with connecting to my computer.  I would recommend this!!

	
  This adapter works perfectly with my Microsoft Surface Go 2.  It easily plugs into the USB C.  It has 3 USB ports, an HD card reader, and HDMI port.  All work just as I needed them to.  It's lightweight, but made of sturdy material and will be perfect for traveling.  I had previously ordered a similar product that was more expensive, but it did not work as advertised so I bought this one instead.  I'm glad I chose this one.

	
  First of all, the build quality of this adaptor is excellent. It feels sturdy in your hand and premium, matching my space grey MacBook Pro.I needed something to take with me everywhere and its stored easily enough in my laptop carrying case, so I can access it at any moment.After several months of use, it hasn't presented any problems at all. Always detects any usb I plug in or HDMI cable when I want to hook up my computer to my TV. Perfect for what its intended and great value compared to other adapters and brands out there.Since I use a protective case for my MacBook, this is perfect because there is no problem for plugging it in with the case on.

	
  I recently purchased a macbook pro and realized it does not have any other port except the thunderbolt ports. I did not want to buy multiple ports or pay a ton for the apple device, so I found this on Amazon, The reviews were very good and it was under $25. Plus the design was small enough to tuck into my laptop case. So far, it has been great. I use it for my mouse, a portable projector, and a keyboard. The image on the projector is better than it was from my previous computer, but that could be because of the computer as well! Having mutiple ports on one device is great, and I did not have to spend $69 on the apple version with only 3 ports. WIN!

	
  This little hub comes in super handy. I'm a mac user and it's known that mac doesn't have enough usb outlets. This hub has them all and I bring it with me everywhere I go for work. Great product quality and would recommend to anyone!

	
  I purchased this as a travel/work companion. Product offers plenty of USB options as well as other niceties that I don't necessarily need (SD Card insert, which is a cool feature). My job requires me to work at different computer stations. I am constantly plugging and unplugging during the work week. I have had this since October 2019, there is nothing breaking down on the plug inserts and have had no issues with the devices I plug in (headphones, monitors, etc). Looks and feels solid, everything about this plug screams quality. Recommended this product to others at my job and would to the person reading this review as well. Would be hard pressed to pick another product over this one.

	
  I use this with my Lenovo 730 Ideapad, which only has usb-c ports.I connect to an external monitor via HMDI, a keyboard, mouse, and usb headset. Sometimes I've used a tablet instead of a mouse (older bamboo tablet). I have not yet used the SD card reader. Due to it's small size, I also sometimes use it as just a USB-C to USB-A adapter without problem.I was concerned about durability when I received the product, but it has held up well.The cable is a little short, but I've always been able to make it work (probably because all the things I connect have very long cables).

	
  This USB Hub is very solidly-built using (I'm assuming) aluminum instead of plastic.  I like that it can be used as an OTB adapter -- I'm able to use a mouse and/or read SD cards on my cell phone by plugging it into my USB-C charge port.  MY PC also reads it immediately when plugged in.

	
  I've had this for four months or so and it does exactly what I need. It has a nice tight fit in my laptop and all the ports are easily accessible and work well. I like that it is flat and slim because I can keep it in the small outside zippered pouch of my narrow profile laptop sleeve. Great product!

	
  I got Mac Book Pro along with the magic mouse and keyboard.  Unfortunately the MAC has 4 USB-C ports on it and no standard USB ports.  The directions say to connect the mouse and keyboard to the MAC in order to sync the Bluetooth connections, but the cables that come with the keyboard and mouse are USB-C to USB so they will not work.The USB-C multi port adapter was the perfect solution for me.  I was able to connect both devices to the MAC for syncing as well as charging.  I also like that it has the extra port features that I can use for SD, Micro SD as well as HDMI.I am also impressed with the quality of the device so far and would recommend this to anyone needing to link a USB device to the USB-C

	
  This little thing is awesome. I dabble in a lot of different things like photography, audio production, and video editing. Since my MacBook only has 4 usb-c ports, this thing is a godsend. It has everything I need and it works very well. I would recommend this to everyone needing a usb hub and I would definitely buy it again.

	
  Great product for the price. I’ve had it for about 2 weeks now and it works great! I just have it set up on my home monitor, but it is portable as well. Only downside would be that there is no USB-C plugin as well. So for my laptop which has 4 c ports, it’s not a huge deal. But my girlfriend’s MacBook Air only has one port and it’s a bit inconvenient as you can’t use it and charge at the same time. Other than that though, no complaints. Great product overall especially for the price point.

	
  With a mandatory working from home setup, this adapter was a must-have to my macbook to accommodate all the peripherals needed. My employer had already purchased one, but that could only support one hdmi, so with this 2nd adapter,  I can now quickly and properly support 2 additional hdmi monitors.The 3 usb3 ports are great for the bt keyboard and mouse. It's light weight and easy to transport in a backpack or small suitcase. Great job!

	
  All connection's work perfectly on Sumsung Galaxy Note 10+.Tested With:Goal 0: USB DC5V 0.7W LED Light stickWired KeyboardWireless MouseHDMI to Big Screen TVUSB memory StickMini SD Card& SD Card SlotThe Final Test:It does however get a bit little sluggish once you connect all the above all at onceI suspect that my phone's output power was now being  tasked.

	
  Was looking for a dongle for a new Mac and came across this option. It works like a dream for 1/3 of the price of other options. Highly recommended.

	
  My mom bought a new MacBook computer but didn’t have a way to use the ports that Apple no longer has in their computers.  When we needed a way to get use of a USB port as well as others, we found this device.  It’s been very handy and easy to use and now allows us to use ports that were previous included with older version computers for thumb drives, etc.  The price was very affordable and product quality was super.  I’d definitely recommend to others looking for similar needs.

	
  I got a new laptop and I needed more functionality. It doesn't matter what I throw at it , it works very well. I am no longer limited by my laptop. If you have a variety of devices you want to use with your computer, look no more. I figured it would do what i needed. I was pleasantly surprised to find even more uses. Get it, you will like it.

	
  I took it on two week trip to download videos and photos from my phone and camera and it worked without a hitch. I didnt have the opportunity to try the HDMI adapter but so far, no problems.  It is on the heavier side due to the metal body but build quality and sturdiness made up for it. I had a plastic version (micro-usb) and it was all cracked so I'm happy that this one didnt get all banged up on the travel.

	
  Awesome product that I added to my MacPro works like a charm. Very compact and easy to travel with — I totally recommend this! Love love love

	
  Nothing sexy about the dongle life but this one looks good, is built well and works just like it should.  The color of the USB C Hub matches my 2017 space grey Macbook Pro.  I'm able to connect my laptop to my monitor using the HDMI cable.  I'm a photographer and so I utilize every single port on this USB C Hub.  I would definitely buy again if I ever lose this one.

	
  I have been using this for the past few weeks, and would give it a 4.5/5 stars.The product is sleek and slim but still feels sturdy and durable. The ports fit snugly at first and required a finagle or two.. but after a few uses that seemed to be of no issue.The only real drawback I see is that the USB Type-C wire which connects to the MacBook (in my case) is rather stiff coming out of the base of the middle of the unit.. Makes it tough to travel compactly if you want to fold it, and also causes some unnecessary wear and tear. All in all, it's certainly not a show stopper.I am strongly considering buying another one of these already..Thanks!

	
  This hub for USB and an SD slot work great for the macbook I bought that doesn't come with USB ports.  The 4 slots are great to add a mouse, and charge other devices.  The best part is that it is compact and travels very well.

	
  I was very pleased with this adapter. Last year, I had purchased another adapter from a different company for double the price and it broke within a year because when I would use it with my laptop on the bed or a surface that wasn't flat, it put pressure on the device.  I can already tell this won't do that the way it is configured. It worked right out of the box and I am very impressed!

	
  I find this to be a great quality product for a very affordable price. The video quality is outstanding. There are many ports that make it really convenient for travel. And on top of it all, it supports Samsung DeX. The only downside, which I hadn't realized when I purchased it, is that when it is used with a phone, there is no way to keep the phone charging. So, while it is great for doing something quickly, it won't work for extended usage during the day. Not an issue with the product, but something that buyers should keep in mind.

	
  This USB c Hub is a lifesaver!  I recently purchased an iPad Pro, I had always had a windows based computer si I had usb and thumb drives.... this hub has saved me from losing all my data.  It is lightweight yet sturdy and adapts perfectly with my 2018 MacBook Pro!!  The hub arrived quickly and adapts easily with all of my media sources!!  I highly recommend this product!

	
  No setup required. Plug-and-play without any issues. Plugged the dock into my MacBook Pro (2019), attached a USB  mouse and SanDisk Ultra USB 3.0 and seamlessly copied Windows 10 files from the USB to the MacBook. The FlePow USB 3.1 Type-C is nicely constructed and lightweight. I will get a lot of use out of the FlePow product with the MacBook, because of the lack of ports on the MacBook.

	
  This product fits all my needs at an affordable cost! As a filmmaker and photographer with the new MacBook Pro, I've disliked how my laptop no longer has an SD card slot. This device allows me to upload footage, whilst also using a USB port if necessary. Having extra add ons like a HDMI port is also useful with these new Macs that only have lightning ports built in. Overall, I'm extremely satisfied with the diversity of this hub.

	
  I found this 7 in 1 USB C Hub to be exactly what I needed when I purchased a new laptop with limited number of USB ports.  It allows me to download my pictures from a SD card as well as keeping my external backup drive attached to my computer.  And with the USB ports I can have multiple items attached including a connection for my 2nd screen.  Made working and editing my photos very convenient and time saving with this device.  Easy and quick installation and I was ready to begin working.

	
  I like this product due to its light weight. I have no problems carrying it with my other small items in my backpack all the time. I used it a lot to attach with both usb drives and SD cards without any issues. Both are running well at the same time. I also linked usb disk to do backup and it is functional well. Another Advance is that I am able to link my computer to TV or screen through it. I have good experiences using it so far and will update the review if I have other new experiences.

	
  I have owned a few usb-c hubs for my MacBook Pro. This is by far the best product I've tried. It does not overheat, it has all the ports I could ask for, and the power to each port works exactly as I expected.I would buy one or two of these at this price. I use it daily. It also transports easily in my leather computer case alongside my charging cable.Aaron

	
  Love this adapter because it is one of the few I have found that is longer than 6" - it is around 4' long (and think they had an 8' one also). I use mine on my laptop and this way can sit the adapter on the side table to charge or plug in options and is out of the way and still can handle my desktop. Works great so far!

	
  This USB hub is great if you have a newer laptop from Apple. The reduction in ports makes a USB hub like this very useful. So far, all of the ports on the hub work great and I haven't had any issues. I bought this for my setup at work so I can plug one cable in and have my keyboard, mouse and monitor extension.

	
  This is an incredibly handy little device.  Gives you all of the connections you could reasonably need in a compact, sturdy shell.  Lets you expand a single USB-C into three USB 3.0 slots, plus an HDMI!  The SD and Micro-SD card slots are nice, too.  Great for the ever-shrinking devices that have fewer and fewer ports.  And at the cheap price, you can afford to order it and toss it in your bag until you need it.

	
  I love this! I had a different multipart adapter but it was too big and kept disconnecting. This one, on the hand, is very useful and portable! It has the perfect amount of ports and I can attach all I need such as SD cards, Microchips, USB, etc. I carry this everywhere I go without worrying if it will fit in my bag. I highly recommend this product!!!

	
  This hub is great for connecting my Chromebook to my TV via the HDMI adapter. It hasn't failed me yet and it doesn't look like it's going to fail me in the future (knock on wood)!

	
  With the new mac book pro there's never enough ports for all my devices. This had exactly what I needed. I've had no issues with connection. I like that it is not attached directly to the side like some other hubs. It has a nice couple inches away that way I don't have to worry about knocking it or bending the connections. The shipment arrived in a timely manner. Very happy with my purchase.

	
  I love this product. With purchasing a new Macbook Pro and IPad the ports have changed. I have old adapters and flash drives that I still use. This USB hub is great because I can multi task.As a working nurse practitioner in a busy urgent care I  have a special flash drive to use when completing charts at home. If I didn't have this USB hub I would not have the capability to finish charts at home. Great product.

	
  I needed an adapter in order to use a drawing tablet with my laptop after upgrading to one of apple's newer models.  having sifted through all the reviews I decided this one was probably my best shot.  I've had the adapter almost 3 months now and have had no problems.  Anyone who needs a USB C adapter should highly consider this one!

	
  Seems great.  I’m writing my review the first day I’ve have it.It’s made of good materials and I tested it. No video degradation and works like it should.

	
  I have had it for about 6 months now using it pretty often. Especially the HDMI and USB ports. I have also used the camera SD card slot and I haven’t experienced any problems. Nothing like “this is not compatible” or it sometimes working if I hold it in a certain way (if you’ve ever had an off-brand iPhone charger, you know what I’m talking about). I would buy it again but I don’t think there will be a need because it works great!

	
  I recently purchased a Lenovo Yoga 730 which came with only 1 USB port and 1 USB-C port. This multiport adapter is very handy and allows me to connect to a larger HD monitor via the HDMI as well as use multiple USB devices at once. The size is quite small and very portable for traveling. The cable is also thick and not flimsy.

	
  The product has been very good so far.

	
  The device was simple, compact and lightweight.  The only issue that I had was that it only worked while connected to the power cord.  I need a device that could be disconnected from the power, but still be connected to my monitors.

	
  This works great.... no issue with this product, just apple for forcing us to pay more for extra accessories...

	
  This product is perfect for any computer that doesn't have the necessary outlets. Works great and easy to carry. Would definitely recommend this product!

	
  This is great for my Macbook which only has USB type C ports. The material feels premium and it is really simple to use. Just plug the device into any USB c port and you suddenly get 3 USB A, SD, Micro SD, and an HDMI port. There is no hassle to getting it to work and I take it with me wherever my laptop goes. No issues so far and I don't see them coming in the future.

	
  Weel most of all I like the style It has and that it worked and that the materials seems to be great. I mean you get he impresión that is high quality at the very moment you see it, highly recommended

	
  I bought this adapter for my MacBook Air, which only uses USB-C. It works great with other USB products and, it turns out, is an amazing HDMI adapter as well! I never thought I'd use that functionality, but it's become essential for PowerPoint lessons at my teaching job. I had an adapter like this in the past that didn't work at all, but this one is flawless! Affordable and worth buying.

	
  I had to purchase this product because I bought a Mac and didn’t realize it didn’t come with any other ports besides the lightning ones. Apples version was just a single option port for almost double the price. Found this gem online and have yet to have any issues with it! I have used all three USB ports at one time (keyboard, headset, and headset charger), all while having my SD card plugged in. Totally recommend this product!!

	
  Added this to our Mac mini that is used for video conferencing to allow guests to add USB connections and allow guests to plug in memory cards. So far so good.

	
  Bought a new PC computer that only has 2 type C ports.  One for power and the other for everything else.  All of my peripherals use USB 2/3.  This device allows me to use multiple older devices at the same time.  Recommend.

	
  I have 3 USB devices, a camera, a Jabra speakerphone and a keyboard, along with a HDMI monitor.  They all work flawlessly.  I would recommend this to anyone working from home.

	
  Just got the hub and I am fully satisfied! It has all the ports you need and the speed is great. The hub is made in the same material as the macbook, so it feels well made and matches the space grey case of the macbook. Only thing might be that it is a little too large/heavy to keep it plugged in the macbook at all times, so you got to keep it in your backpack or else for transportation.

	
  I needed this device  for a connectivity solution and it works great for this purpose. I wouln't buy anything else. This is perfect and exactly what you need. I highly recommend this product as it solved all of my problems

	
  The hub works as indicated in the product description.  I use it with my MacBook Pro to accommodate USB connections and my SD card for photography.  No problems. I don't have any other device to compare it to, but the large photo files seem to transfer fairly quickly.

	
  I shopped around for USB Hub for my new lap top. This turned out to work perfict. I would recomend this to anyoneJulie.

	
  This is exactly what I have been looking for! I travel constantly and this is the perfect combination of all the little connectors I have been carrying in bag in 1 piece. Really enjoy this product - the adapter itself and the quality. Will be purchasing another one for home!

	
  Reads the sd card good and the quality of the product is good!!

	
  For the price you can’t beat it, really. A friend of mine paid $80 for his hub and they do the exact same thing, they even had the same refresh rate when using the hdmi port. I was thoroughly surprised by the material quality and longevity of this product. 10/10 would recommend this.

	
  I bought a new laptop, but it didn't have near enough usb ports for my devices. I added this multiport hub and now I have plenty of connections. The performance has been excellent. I would definitely recommend this hub.

	
  Easy to use, as it is plug and play.  I love the build (metal components)… looks great.. has a solid feel.  I have noticed that it will get warm if the ports are completely filled and used for long periods of time.  I love the convenience of this device.  I use it regularly as a "mini docking station" for my Alienware R17.  I would recommend this and purchase it again.

	
  Great size. Works great. Lots of ports. Very versatile.

	
  This has been very useful with my new Mac laptop. Only additional port I wish it had would be an HDMI connector.

	
  This USB hub is fantastic, reliable, and best of all, very cheap compared to other products. I would 100% recommend this product. The finish of the product even matches that of my space gray MacBook. This is a must-buy!

	
  This was a great USB Hub! All of the USB ports work really well with my new MacBook Pro. The Space Aluminum color looks very nice and stylish. I highly recommend this USB Hub. It is worth the money. I would definitely buy this USB Port Hub again.

	
  I consult and travel often to see clients. Needed something to support my Macbook pro and ability to connect to a variety of different presentation rooms (mostly HDMI but also USB). Can now do that with ease thanks to this product. Also super compact and lightweight is an added bonus for traveling!

	
  I purchased this to work with my iPad Pro. I love the versatility of this product! Haven’t had any compatibility issues, product works as intended! I would purchase this item again!!!

	
  I like this product it is fast and small, ease to connect and use. Thank you!

	
  I use this everyday for my Pixelbook- it connects my mouse. It's been functioning well for the last few months I've used it. The cord that connects it to the laptop is a little too long, but thats a small thing. 9.9/10 Would recommend to a friend

	
  I purchased a space grey macbook air and was in dire need of an inexpensive, reliable usb port. I was pleased when this arrived and matched my computer color perfectly.A bonus was that when connecting to my monitor I was able to make use of the HDMI port.5/5 would buy again.

	
  I bought this to connect an HDMI display and a couple external USB hard drives to my 2019 15" MacBook Pro. I've been using this for a few months now with no issues. Nice little hub for the price.

	
  Good quality. Compact. My daughter likes it since she got MacBook Air this came is handy and works good!

	
  I just purchased a new Mac book pro and was very disappointed that they created their own hook up ports. Luckily I found this amazing product! I am still able to hook up my everyday devices with out a hassle. It is light weight and user friendly.

	
  I am using this product for my 2017 macbook pro, since I want more usb inputs and an actual hdmi connection. It's pretty useful and durable as I continually use daily, I never have to worry about it going bad on me. IF for some reason it broke, i would get a new one.

	
  I have a tablet with 1 usb 3 and 2 usb c, no HDMI. this product solve my problem and now I am able to connect my monitor,  mouse and headset to use. it's good.

	
  Works as described out of the box. Seamlessly used with Intel NUC Thunderbolt Port. Would purchase again.

	
  I had another type of adapter but I couldn't charge my mac and use the adapter at the same time. with this I can do both because of the cable.I wish it had a usb type C port as well but its still great product for the price.

	
  Great multi port adapter. Carry it with me all the time for my MacBook Pro. Only adapter I always need!

	
  Bought this for my MacBook Pro because I didn’t want to spend $75 for the Mac-branded one. Works perfectly and actually has more options than the Mac one, too!

	
  This product works great with my Mac book pro. It is easy to connect and slips right into my laptop case. I love it’s multi use. I’ve been using it for 3 months and have no problems with it. Such a great price too.

	
  I would highly recommend this product! For the price, it does what you need it to do I've had it for a couple of months now and it has never given me any problems. You won't even realize that you are using an adaptor, pretty fast!

	
  Uses only one of the two USB-C plug-ins on our MacBook instead of using both like some models, so you can still have the computer plugged in to power without using one of the ports on the hub itself.  Used for a few months now with no issues.

	
  I purchased this to transfer photos from an SD card to my phone quickly.  This is perfect - transferred in very little time, and easy to take along with me.  Highly recommend!

	
  I use this all the time with my Mac as a freelancer! Great quality, good connection, and easy to travel with. Highly recommend!

	
  I brought it for travelling as I travel much. It works very well. It is probably the lightest hub I had with so many functions. I highly recommend it if you need a light and affordable solution for travel USB-C hub.

	
  Works great, looks sleek, and has great speeds

	
  The USB Hub is really good for laptops and tablets that have limited ports such as my Surface Go. Extending the Surface with this USB C hub makes it turn into a main computer.

	
  I needed this to go with my new 2019 Macbook Pro.  It plugs in perfectly and has all the USB ports I need to connect my printer, a backup hard drive and yes, my mouse ('cause I just prefer a mouse rather than using my fingers on the trackpad).  I'm good to go!

	
  I bought this one because the previous one of another brand quit working after 6 months. This one works great so far and does what I need it to! Can't have a Mac without it!

	
  This adapter is super convenient and works exactly as described. I have a docking station so I just plug the usb cable from my docking station right into the adapter so that I’m able to extend my MacBook screens.

	
  Nice little all-in-one adapter for connecting or accessing all the technology in your life.  Just make sure you're needing to plug it into a USB-C hub, not a standard USB hub.

	
  I found this product very useful for my use. I bought new DELL Laptop and unfortunately it has only two USB outlets. I have been using this "USB C Hub Multiport Adapter" frequently with no complain so far. I am glad I purchase it exactly when I needed it most.

	
  The material is very high quality and matches well with the space gray MacBook Pro. At first, I thought the metal might be prone to scratches, but it's held up very well over the past couple of months and is as high quality as any of the more expensive options.

	
  I was really satisfied with my order. The product is exactly as described, works great and is reasonably priced. I have been using this multiport for over a few months now and have not had a single issue with it.

	
  This is perfect for my travel using with my Surface Pro.  Very compact and lite weight.

	
  Great quality. Hub has a spot for everything that I need.  At a decent price.

	
  The USB C Hub Multiport Adapter has been the most useable tool that I use in my bag of cables. No matter what the input is, I have the ability to plug in. I highly recommend this USB C Hub Multiport Adapter for all individuals that present, travel, and educate.

	
  Works with my Mac book pro

	
  This is just what I needed. I love how I can carry it in my pocket!

	
  Very lightweight and good quality. Convenient to store. Would recommend for anyone who has one of the newer macs.

	
  it's a great adapter not heavy at all it's the weight of a normal phone chargergreat to bring it in your baghas hdmi usb sd and etc which is really nice plus it's so small and cute!totally worth the money and I would buy again?

	
  Finally bit the bullet on one of these adapters, this one is great, same color as my MacBook Pro and quality of the videos and pictures is well maintained when using HDMI. Good product!

	
  It works perfectly with my Chromebook. I like the style and color, it matches my laptop. small but very efficient.

	
  Everything is great, only thing is the cable is kinda sideways, so doesn't sit flat when connected. other than that works great!

	
  I ordered one initially, and it didn't seem to work with my computer mouse - the mouse was jumping over the screen. However, the new one sent seems to be working ok and they refunded me.

	
  Great product that really does get the job done. Ive used it for a bit now and it seems pretty durable and reliable. I would definately recommend this product, especially for the price!

	
  Very useful and practical for travel or for home use to connect variety of devices to your IPAD or Surface tablet!

	
  Perfect for my all-in-one Desktop computer, which only had 3 USBs.  With this USB Hub, I am back in business again.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!

	
  I love this thing. I was skeptical at first because I have heard these things can have problems. After 3 months I haven't had an issue. My wife just received a new mac for work and she wants one. It is compact and easy to store.

	
  Great product, easy to use. Used the HDMI port to hook up to my tv and it worked great. Works flawlessly with MacBook Air.

	
  This Hub helped me with all my CS work I had to do. It has all the ports you'll need for your every day task. Without a doubt the best purchase I have made for my laptop.

	
  I actually bought this to use a keyboard with my Nintendo switch lite and it works great. I haven't used any of the other ports yet but very happy so far

	
  I love this product! Each function works well, its not too big which makes it easy to travel with. I defiantly recommend this product.

	
  I love this product, the different ports made it really functional and accessible! I used it to plug my cellphone and it worked amazing!

	
  Good quality and everything feels solid and not flimsy. The metal matches the MacBook perfectly and looks really good next to it.  The packaging it came in was even nice.

	
  Wasn’t what I needed I needed a lightning port didn’t read the description well enough returned it.  Good enough though as it is if that’s what you need.

	
  I like the hub because I can hook up my external screen, keyboard, mouse and disconnect it right from the computer.  It act like a docking station.

	
  I love this product for on the go photo importing to my laptop. I can also charge multiple devices with this hub which is always useful.

	
  Does exactly what I needed and also came in handy when my daughter needed the type c connector to charge her IMAC.

	
  Great item for traveling with MacBook, it comes with all the necessities you need for basic usage of your computer. As a photographer I greatly enjoy the SF card slot.

	
  I needed an adapter for my portable computer that allows other devices to connect to the micro-USB.  I tested it upon arrival and worked perfectly.

	
  Super light weight and works with everything I’ve tried it with, highly recommend!

	
  I received this a day after ordering and it seems to be exactly what I need! Feels like good quality.

	
  This dongle has held up well over months of heavy use. We have bought two more for other in the office! Thank you for creating such a high-quality well-priced product.

	
  A great way to watch TV from your phone at the camp. Bought two for each camp. Great product 👌

	
  I purchased this adapter to use with my Macbook Pro.  Happily it works great and I have more flexibility with the multiple options available.

	
  I have bought quite a few usb C hub and this is the only one which plug and play. I don't need to adjust anything. I like this product and would like see how it works.

	
  So far this has been very helpful increasing the flexibility of my mac. No issues with being able to connect any of my additional hardwares to my mac.

	
  Good customer service, fast shipping, and a good quality product for a reasonable price! So far it has worked well for me and I have had no issues with it. I use it to connect USB devices to my laptop.

	
  Great little device that allows me to plug in multiple chargers AND be able plug-in a monitor. Great value, better product.

	
  Has worked well so far! Easy to plug into my Mac laptop to drop photos from my memory card. The HDMI port has been nice for connecting to the TV, too!

	
  This is a great cord connector to have on hand for many different instances. From connecting multiple monitors to connecting my phone to a projector this adapter really comes in handy!

	
  Compact and compatible with MacBook Air.  Will recommend to others.

	
  I use this for my MacBook

	
  This adapter is great! It's sleek and feels very durable. Definitely worth the money. I ended up buying an extra one for the office because I liked the first so much! Highly recommend!

	
  Very happy with product. Bought it for my nephew. He is very happy.

	
  This has worked great for my 2018 MacBook Pro!

	
  Solid, well made, would highly recommend.

	
  Thus USB hub works Perfectly with my computer! I’ve tried other brands but they did not work. This hub is the one to buy.

	
  I have been using it for almost 2 months now, and it has never once given me any problems. Liking it so far.

	
  It works great with my new macbook to connect with my printer. Recommend to buy!

	
  This is exactly what I was looking for to organise my home office.  Works great!

	
  Very well made and works exactly how it should. Portability is very easy as it does not take a lot of room in my backpack.

	
  Product worked perfectly for me and i have not had any issues. Came just as advertised. would def recommend for the price!

	
  This is a sleekly designed adapter.  I bought it for the USB outlets, but have used almost every port. It works perfectly.

	
  Works well! Used for about 3 months now, haven't had any issue.Compact, 3 USB ports are sufficient for my use.

	
  Great product, easy to use, and extremely portable!!

	
  Works great and I've had no problems with it so far.

	
  All thumbs up here.  Quality material for the price!

	
  Versatile and easy to pack. Great for my Chromebook!

	
  Very good very happy with everything  will buy again

	
  Great product at a great price!

	
  versatile USB hub useful for flash drives, SIM cards

	
  Perfect for what I need it for.

	
  It is a good deal with useful product!

	
  Awesome usb c hub! Works great!

	
  Does exactly what it is suppose to do!

	
  Very useful and a great product

	
  Funciona excelente, muy buena eleccion

	
  Product function as advertised.

	
  Just as promised!

	
  very nice product

	
  Great!

	
  It’s small but very convenient

	
  Great bang for your buck. Does what it says. Good quality. Would buy again.

	
  Works well and is easy to use.

	
  Works perfect tbh

	
  Great product works very well!

	
  Perfect for daily

	
  Worked perfectly.

	
  Product is sleek, light weight, affordable, and a great accessory for any laptop

	
  small but great！

	
  Awesome product!

	
  Works perfectly

	
  Works perfectly

	
  it works perfectly. helped my key board to work with my Mac.efficient usage

	
  This has been a good product. It is way better than our last one that fell apart.

	
  Super convenient for traveling and doing frequent presentations. Awesome quality!

	
  The product works as described and has made my life so much easier!

	
  This works well with my new MacBook Pro.  It has everything I need!

	
  Great little adapter. Works well, Built strong, and has many different ports. Highly recommend.

	
  Item came as described and works great!I have a 2019 MacBook Pro and is compatible.

	
  This hub does everything it's supposed to, also offering exceptional build quality and a nice design as well. The cable and all the connectors are very solid, it definitely feels like it's built to last. If you do not need the HDMI function there are definitely cheaper options, but this one is nice because it allows you to both connect to and HDMI display and use up to 3 USB 3.0 devices.

	
  Just the right amount of connectivity for my purpose.

	
  Excellent quality. Allows me to connect a USB to the Type C connectors on my MacBook Pro

	
  very convenient to use, as well as easy to transfer.

	
  Don't do what I did and go cheap!  This is perfect for my needs and worked great out of the box.  No more hassles of repeatedly reconnecting an inferior product.  Highly recommend this product.

	
  It works well.

	
  This hub definitely does the job for my Surface Pro 7. So far there have been no problems with it. The only thing that I would suggest to improve it would be to make the cord that connects it to the surface longer so it could lay on the desk or other surfaces while using it.

	
  I use this with my 11 inch iPad Pro. I chose this one because of the variety of port sizes and different devices i can connect to it. It connects easily and is super easy to use and navigate on the iPad. The only thing I would change is make the cord a little longer. If I set my iPad on its keyboard stand, the cord is kind of short and the ports dangle kind of awkwardly above the table.

	
  Price is amazing for what it works with.  I am going to get another one just for traveling.

	
  I purchased the product about two month ago and it works great so far. Very convenient to use and I am satisfied with the purchase.

	
  I wanted to use this for a while before reviewing given last hub I bought (different brand) became unusable after a few months because of poor construction.  I am pleased to say this is a solid product, made from sturdy materials.  Couldn't be happier with it.

	
  The USB-C hub is compact and is very convenient so that I can use the Type-C port on my laptop.  I have had the hub for over one month, and it works flawlessly.

	
  Works, plugs in like it should, ports work. Charges like it should. Affordable as well.

	
  Purchase was for a Surface Go to add flexibility and on the go expansion. Product works flawlessly and is made of durable materials. Very pleased a d would purchase again.

	
  I have been using this with my new Dell XPS 13 and it has been working wonderfully. You can tell by the feel of it that it is high quality. I use it constantly.

	
  My main purpose for buying this was its HDMI port. It works without issues. Also, a reasonable price for a multiport adapter. No regret buying this product!

	
  The USB C Hub Multiport Adapter - 7 in 1 Portable Space Aluminum Dongle with 4K HDMI Output works very well. It handles all ports well when I tested them. Everything worked as I'd hoped and the power to each port was sufficient to run whatever I plugged in. I ran multiple ports at once and all worked well. I recommend this.

	
  excellent product

	
  I am very pleased with my purchase. The hub feels more quality than I expected, but still very lightweight and portable. Would recommend.UPDATE: This still works very well however I did not notice that you could not charge your laptop while using an external drive. I would not buy this again for this reason.

	
  The thermal performance is surprisingly GOOD! It keep cool even after long use. (Unlike my precious adaptor that get crazy hot)

	
  This USB C Hub adapter is amazing. I thought it was going to be really big and awkward but it is not.  Very portable and works very well.  I highly recommend this adapter.

	
  Great product!!! I am so happy with my purchase! It’s so easy to use and it will be one of my must have for sure!

	
  I ordered this product a couple months ago and it is perfect. Previously I ordered one that connected directly to my computer and it broke. The fact that this is connected through a cable makes it a lot more durable. It is also built-in one piece so it cannot break.Overall this is a great product and one of the best if you are looking for an extension cable for Mac

	
  Well built. Has functioned flawlessly.  Perfect size and configuration for travel. Very happy with this purchase.

	
  My new MacBook Air has 2 USB-C ports and no USB-2 or 3 ports.  This adds 3 USB 3.0 ports, in addition to an HDMI port, an SD card slot and a Micro SD card slot.  Perfect addition to the laptop.  Works great.

	
  Very cool product. Compact. My MacBook Air has very few ports, this simple device solves all of those issues beautifully. Works great! As described.

	
  I have a MacBook Pro and had originally purchased an Apple dongle for a much higher price. We had issue after issue and after only a year, have to now throw it out and buy a new one. We found this USB Hub Pro on Amazon in no time and saw rave reviews, but now that we have it, we are not disappointed. Every issue we had with the Apple dongle has been easily fixed as a result of the make of this flexible, loaded hub. We love it...should last us a while!

	
  Fantastic item didn’t realize how amazing this would be to help me with all that I need to connect to my computer. Fantastic product overall!

	
  My HP laptop only has 2 USB ports.  Using this adapter I have been able to great expand the number of ports.  The adapter is much easier to access than the ports on the side of the machine. Now that I have it I don't even look to plug in anything directly to the machine because I know the adapter  has all the ports I need.  The size is nice for traveling too. Would buy again.

	
  I use this product for my home and office computers and it is very helpful for using all of my SD cards and flash drives with both computers.

	
  This product was perfect for backing up and transferring our data from our old to our new iphone using our Apple computer. Given most of our devices cannot be directly connected to the Apple MacBook, this handy adapter was and will be useful for quite some time.  We had no issues fully backing up and restoring our phone(s) using the FlePow Multiport Hub. It also shipped faster than advertised!

	
  Nice design, slim and sleak. small enough to carry everywhere and has all the port that I ever need

	
  What I really liked is the sleekness and the sturdy nature of the adaptor

	
  Super lightweight, very sleek and easy to transport. Has a great number and variety of ports, able to use several at once. This is exactly what I was looking for and it was a great price.

	
  Works really well to connect to my monitor. I love the quality  and great customer service

	
  This cord is awesome! I can use it for SD cards, my iPhone, and any flash drives. It’s got everything in one!

	
  Great product. It works as it should. Very versatile and you can fit a lot of different plugs for all your technology needs.

	
  I liked everything about it, maybe an ethernet port for the same price tag would be even better but great pdt

	
  This item allows me to use several different inputs w/o moving my computer back and forth. Very easy to use.

	
  So far, it is working great.  I am pleased, it is light weight, compact, and it has ports for all my devices.

	
  Does the work

	
  Good

	
  Great product that expands the number of ports I have on my laptop. Highly recommend this hub.

	
  Very nice adapter. Using it for college and it is amazing. Never overheats or anything! Worth every penny!!!

	
  Great product, no issues so far. Nice solid metal construction.

	
  If you are looking for a budget ucbc hub, this is the perfect option. Works seamlessly without any problems.

	
  This product is very good.

	
  Great product to be honest

	
  It’s as good as I expected

	
  Works great!

	
  I love this hub. All my ports in one hub is great.

	
  Works great!

	
  This product did everything I was hoping it would/

	
  Works great!

	
  Great build quality and perfect size

	
  works great!

	
  Looks just like photo and works great! no problems

	
  This product is phenomenal i love it

	
  Awesome material, just plugs in and use. So easy.

	
  The product is absolutely great! It works great! 10/10 recommend.

	
  Son needed for use in college happy with purchase

	
  Works perfectly for the Mac book pro!

	
  for connecting multiple devices to my Mac at work

	
  We bought this for our home computer.

	
  It did what it was supposed to do, worked great!!

	
  This product is working really great.

	
  Works well. functions as advertised

	
  Quality material, works as it should.

	
  Great Product and great build quality

	
  Very quick and easy, matches the space gray laptop

	
  I was looking for a USB-C dongle for my new MacBook Air, and this worked perfectly!

	
  Works well, serves it’s purpose. No issues so far!

	
  Great product. Arrived on time and met all my expectations. Highly would recommend.

	
  Solid construction, compact and does its job well.

	
  I particularly like how easy this is to carry and the amazing data transfer speeds.

	
  Awesome product nice qualityGood price works great thanks!

	
  This was a great product, very useful, worked perfectly

	
  This usb hub is perfect for what I need. It’s compact and the cord is not flimsy. I couldn’t be happier

	
  Great product. It is very useful and easy to use and works very well.

	
  Great product, really light. Fairly close to same color as my macbook

	
  Definitely recommended!!

	
  Works as intended

	
  This adapter works as expected. Highly recommend!

	
  Very beautiful design, works perfectly and the material of good quality. Perfectly matches the finish of my iPad Pro.

	
  Perfect for Macbook Pro

	
  As advertised. Works well. Small form factor with 3 usb, mini SD, and micro SD slots. Great for travel

	
  Works great. Good deal.

	
  Looks good, works good!

	
  It works as advertised.

	
  Works great no problems

	
  very light adaptor and good quality. it will be perfect if it comes with a small bag or box so we can bring it to traveling.

	
  Excellent

	
  For computer

	
  Buenisimo

	
  good product

	
  Great buy

	
  Super Fast data Transfer... Not a single complaint. It matches with my laptop.

	
  Three USB 3.0 plugs, SD card reader, and a 4k HDMI out. What more do you need?

	
  arrived early, portable, easy to use.

	
  Excellent quality product, good material, and comfortable to use

	
  Bought this for my new 2019 MacBook Pro so I had other ports beside usb c. Works as expected. HDMI and USB A ports are great to have.

	
  The usb c hub works perfectly for my MacBook I highly recommend.

	
  Works well.  Has all the slots needed.  Is easy to use and carry around when on the go.

	
  Great product! I love being able to upload photos on my Mac now!

	
  So far. So Good. I bought this for my MacBook,  Used it couple times. No issues so far.

	
  Great adapter that's small enough to travel with. Works well with my monitor and MacBook Air

	
  I loved that its has plugs for all my devices and its small compact to keep in my purse

	
  Great product now that we are working from home. No issues since we bought it in March.

	
  when I first got this I thought all the ports would make it so it wouldn't last long or not a fasts but its really good quality

	
  Really good quality product. Recommend this seller stuff. Will buy from them next time.

	
  This is a very handy little adapter. Super lightweight and portable. Perfect for photographers with the SD card slots. Love it!

	
  This adapter is great and meets all my needs.

	
  It works great on trips and is quite durable.

	
  Good Multipurpose usb c hub multiport adapter

	
  Product is what I expected. I have only used it a few times so far, but it is working as expected.

	
  The product is awesome. The only feedback i would like to give is the c-cable should be little long. That is too short

	
  love the size and functionality of this multiple hub port. Makes working with my laptop so much easier and flexible with an HDMI port too.

	
  Very compact and portable,everything works perfect. Also it is fast as compared to the last one that I used.

	
  Quick and simple to use. It’s also very quick to recognize whatever you plugged in. Very happy with the results.

	
  I bought this in order to transfer my videos and pictures from my camera. It helps me transfer my videos easily into Final Cut Pro and adobe premier. Really great and good quality. I would highly recommend this to anyone who has a Mac book and needs to transfer videos or pictures from your camera or even just to have multiple devices plugged in.

	
  Great value product. Not made cheaply and functions well.

	
  Great, but didn’t have a 3.5 connector. I’m an idiot and didn’t read the specs before buying it.

	
  Works great-exactly what I had hoped for when purchasing!

	
  I like how the little light shows you that it is plugged in and working. Plenty of ports for many items, lightweight, and super portable.

	
  Must have

	
  Great little doc, works great with my Mac.

	
  Product works just as described!

	
  Works well. Does what it says it will.

	
  Got this one for my wife. It works great for her needs. so far no issues.

	
  It works perfectly for the new Mac Pro with the Touchbar!

	
  This thing is great for the limited usb-c spots on the new MacBooks. It really does everything I need and is going strong after like 6 months

	
  Just what I needed

	
  The product is easy to use and works very well. Also connects to my macbook to download pics off phone as well. Happy with purchase. I totally recommend it

	
  This product came in handy being that my laptop charger is different and I also don’t have any USB ports so this purchase was beneficial for me. I like to take my laptop with me this product is easy to travel with and it’s fits anywhere where I put it. Very satisfied!

	
  Great product. Sleek and small so it doesn’t take up much space but gives me multiple slots for usb hook up as well as being able to plug in to sd/tf/hdmi.

	
  that very good

	
  Great product! It has all the interfaces needed! Well-made, sturdy and more than worth the price! no complaints!

	
  Small and suitable

	
  This hub is very functional.  Multitude of ports. I'm using this mostly for personal would be great for business also  It is very lightweight and compact..

	
  Works perfectly, even with multiple devices plugged into it.

	
  I love it! I can watch what i have on my computer on my tv. Great size as well!

	
  i'm using it to connect my iphone manually and back up all data. it's working pretty well so far. plus, i ordered it last night and it came the next morning. can't complain about that!

	
  Simple and great quality build. Just plugged into my ipad pro and worked like a charm

	
  Nice product allows for you use different devices that aren't originally set up/installed for the computer like memory cards, usb-A ports etc. I've had a few months and it works for me

	
  It is an amazing accessory to have w my new mac book pro laptop, except I wish the cord in between the adapter and the computer was stronger

	
  This is the right size and function and exactly what I needed for my laptop.

	
  This device comes in quite handy when using my MacBook. Very practical and useful. A+ - Five starts.

	
  This is very handy and has all the adaptors that I need for my various devices. I’m a teacher and I use it all the time with my MacBook Air.

	
  This is my first MAC that I needed a docking station for and would highly suggest this to any MAC user that has a MAC with USB-C only ports.

	
  My new Macbook has no USB ports, so this contraption is a must! I love it and it works very well and has enough hubs to hook up my wireless mouse as well.

	
  Exactly what I needed. I have a Pixel Slate that has only 2 USB3 ports. This allows me to connect all my various types of connections with ease.

	
  Bought it to connect my monitor over HDMI to my mac. Plug & Play hub with 3 USBs and HDMI slot. Good quality. Loving it so far

	
  I really like this adapter, it is small, portable and has ports to charge headphones, iPhones, connect to tv, monitor--, etc.  Glad I bought it!

	
  Does exactly what it's supposed to! Lightweight and easy to use.

	
  This is a great product and I highly recommend it.  Works just as it is described and was delivered on time.  No negative issues with this product and seller is recommended.

	
  Great material and super convenient for bringing to somewhere else. I like the outer shell of it, oddly smooth. It could be used immediately without any installment. It has 3 spot for usb and 2 spot for microSD. Very satisfied of this purchase!

	
  I bought a similar adapter that did not work well and quickly returned it once i saw this one online. I have had this adapter for a few months and it works great every time.

	
  I use this daily with my laptop for connecting backup drives, storage drives and photo cards. It has a handsome polished look and all the connections work well consistently.

	
  Just what you need

	
  I bought this for my son soccer tournament trips. He loves it covers all connection he needs while he is travelling.

	
  Great item for giving you that little extra that you need with a MacBook Pro.

	
  The item is exactly as described.

	
  A great product! Light, convenient, and effective.  Definitely worth the money! I would highly recommend it.

	
  Great product that work very well

	
  Bought this for my Dell Laptop for work, it works great and seems to run at full speed. I have drives and a sounder connected through it with not problems. Good value hub.

	
  I purchased this for my new MacBook Pro and really like it because it is very compact and I can bring it with me to everywhere. Everything works as described.

	
  I bought this to go with my new Macbook and it works as advertised with no problems (so far). The best part to me is that the color matches almost perfectly with the Space Grey Macbook.

	
  Product works great. It was exactly what I was looking for!

	
  Saw a similar item at bestbuy but they wanted 80 or 90 bucks for it. Saw this one online and figured I’d give it a try, and it did what I needed with ease and at a fraction of the cost!

	
  After a few months of using it, it is holding up and working great.

	
  I've used this multi tap hub on my MacBook Pro. It's very simple to connect to my extended monitor, charger for my Apple Phone, and USB at same time. I totally recommend this hub!!

	
  I love the look of the product and the color. The materials feel premium and every port seems to do what its made to do

	
  I was very satisfied with my purchase. Everything works great, the finish is exactly the same as my MacBook so it matches really nicely and its just crazy portable. Would recommend

	
  muy buen producto

	
  This adapter is small and efficient. You will probably need 2 in your work bag so add another to make sure you can hook all your devices.

	
  The materials feel like they belong side by side with my Macbook air.  High quality and very compact for travelling.

	
  Good product , Works great

	
  This is a great hub for what I need! At first the hdmi streaming wasn’t up to par but a company representative reached out and helped resolve my issues.

	
  Works really well for its purpose. It is light weight and easily portable. I keep it in my backpack and it doesn’t take up any room. Would recommend.

	
  This product works well with my MBP 15" and is made of a nice aluminum material that matches my space gray laptop fairly well. All of the ports function as expected.

	
  the product is very helpful if you are using newer version of macs. I myself have been using using hard-drive between my mac and windows computer transferring photos between usb hard-drive and mac, it makes it so much easier with this multi-adapter. The material is also very durable.

	
  Everything about it is good except one thing. I wish that it would come with a small case or something, besides the box, to keep it in. Other than that, works as intended and is a great product.

	
  This adapter has been a lifesaver for me in transferring my photos to my new MacBook Pro. I am a photographer so it is super important to have a reliable adaptor to use. I would definitely buy this product again and recommend it to other photographers!

	
  I'm using the item to connect my Macbook Pro to my monitor, and to connect USB drives to my Macbook. Does the job just fine for either use case, no problems or headaches so far. Would recommend.

	
  Does exactly what I hoped it would do. Not much of a conversationalist, but works quietly and efficiently.

	
  I found this item at Best Buy for $20 more and when I found it here I returned the item to Best Buy and saved myself some cash.  Great device and it's just what I was looking for.

	
  The device is well built and compact. It replaces a larger, poorly built plastic device. Now I can conveniently carry it with my Surface computer.

	
  Very solid product, works great! I love how fast it is, no lag at all, as if these ports were originally installed on my computer. I love how quickly I'm able to add more devices.

	
  Light weight and sleek looking, helps convert memory cards and USB drives into the new MacBook Pro. I highly recommend this.

	
  Very discreet device and the build quality is very good - both the wire and the hub itself. Glad that i chose this product over others.

	
  Flexible and fits well even when I had a hard shell on my laptop

	
  Works well, convenient to use with nice features.

	
  As the description says, it has three USB 3.0 port, one HDMI and other memory card slots. It works very well with my macbook pro 2019. It would've nice if it had an audio port as well! Nonetheless, it's a great product at a great price.

	
  I purchased this product for my MacBook Pro mainly for the hdmi port. I love it it works great! I had it for about 6 months now. I used for my usb as well during college. I was going to purchase a similar item at Best Buy but I’m glad I didn’t because I saved a lot of money with this one!

	
  I got this the same day I ordered my MacBook Pro from Apple and I can say it is one of the most valuable accessories you can have as an apple user, it's lightweight, easy to use, blends beautifully with the space grey color and has a terminal for everything you need.

	
  It works as a perfect extension of my MacBook Air. I plug in my bigger monitor, attach my camera, plug in portable storage and everything works great.  Just what I hoped for.  I like that it has 3 USBs as well as the SD and the HDMI on the end.

	
  This product works really well!I like that it is not fixated to my computer, which allows for a longer range, especially when you combine it with an HDMI cord.It has every port that I have needed and intended to use.10/10 recommend.X

	
  I bought this adapter a few months ago already and am still loving it! I have had no issues so far, even though they often can. I also have never run out of ports since it has so many. It is very small and fits perfectly in my laptop case when I am on the go. Overall, it is perfect for anyone in need of a few extra ports on their laptop!

	
  Works like a charm. All ports are working. Really like  the metal case unlike others with plastic. Highly recommend it!

	
  This adapter has everything you need in one USB-type C port.

	
  I like that it doesn't have all the power buttons on top so all the usb devices work all the time.

	
  Excellent adapter. Perfect for what I needed and then some

	
  This USB C hub works great with my MacBook Air. I use it to connect my monitor with an HDMI, wireless keyboard, and mouse to my Mac. I have been using the hub for 4 months and have not had any issues with it. I download pictures and files by plugging in USB drives and SD cards and it works great. I have taken it with me on my travels and have had not problems with it. Very useful!

	
  The product is as advertised and provides the functionality I needed. So far it's covering all my needs. My use: bluetooth dongle for mouse/external HDs/USB.I have yet to test out the HDMI port but I suspect it'll deliver, given the builds feeling i can say its good quality.Will update if needed.

	
  This has been a game changer!  Best product!  Great value, must buy if in need of one of these!!!

	
  The hub works great, The usb3 ports are fast, the HDMI port has no issue outputting 1440p, I haven't tried the card reader yet.  One thing to note is that there is no usb input for power, so if using on a MacBook you will have to charge with another port.  This is perfect for my Mac mini

	
  If I had to pick one complement to recent Macbooks, it would be this item without a doubt! Only wish that I had thought of buying it on Black Friday.

	
  This dongle is like a Swiss Army Knife. With only USB-C in/outputs on my new MacBook Pro, this dongle is very handy. I can hook up my second monitor, a CD drive, my scanner, and I can even insert the SD card from my Sony camera. Goof purchase.

	
  Easy to use and reliability plus quality is exceptional. Ideal for travel or on the go with its compact design. I use this frequently and like the multiple connections available.

	
  Works as described and does what it's intended to do.  Small and portable, I use it to travel with.  Works with everything I plug into it, especially like the SD card slot.

	
  This product arrived very quickly. Also the quality is excellent and matches my macbook pro space grey color. For the price is perfect!!

	
  Great product. Easy to carry and allows to connect hdmi. I had another one on my workplace which heats up quicker this one does not get heat up quickly.

	
  I was really happy with this purchase. Great quality for the price. I liked the multiple ports and functionality.

	
  This product is very reliable and easy to use. It has been a big help with using flash drives for school or plugging in an HDMI cord for a movie on my MacBook Air. I also like how portable it is, I am able to pack it in my bag and take it to classes with ease. This is a great product for someone with an apple product and needs adaptions for it.

	
  This USB C adaptor works very well for my MacBook Pro 2019. Highly recommend this product to other MacBook users.

	
  I think USB c is the future but right now there are just so many devices I have that are not USB c compatible. This adapter has been an absolute lifesaver. I mainly bought it because of the style of the device and how it goes along with the macbook space gray color scheme. I would definitely recommend this product if you need to connect a  normal USB / HDMI port / SD / microSD to your macbook pro.

	
  I have over 5000 pictures on my iPad/ iPhone so I’m using this to store the pictures externally to save space. My iCloud space is almost full. Thank you for this solution!

	
  The FilePow USB-C hub looks like a well made product to use with my MacBook Air. The color of the hub is VERY close to the space gray color from Apple (see photo). It is compact and therefore very portable. If I could suggest one feature: I would appreciate if there was a USB-C port (so that I can use it and charge my laptop simultaneously).

	
  Easy to connect and light enough where I don't notice it in my bag. One hub for SD cards, flash drives , and my second monitor. Works great!

	
  I use this to connect a monitor via HDMI to a MacBook Pro, as well as getting USB ports.  What's there to say -- it works!  The silver body looks good, it's basically the same shell as on the Mac.  It only has one HDMI port, but that's fine for my usage.  Those SD ports seem like they'll come in real handy someday!

	
  Works great!  I needed something to be able to plug in my iPhone and anything else that I need to at the same time.

	
  I ordered this product only because I have the Macbook Pro 2019 and it has no ports for UBS or HDMI. I recently started college and this is perfect. It's extremely light and not too big or too small. I also like how it has everything I need to continue doing my school work. It's affordable and I think it's worth it for the new Mac computers.

	
  I enjoy that this is a lot sturdier than my previous adapter. My other one would wobble a little bit, disconnect, improperly eject my external hard drive, then corrupt my disk. THIS ONE however is PERFECT! It is easy to carry around, has all the ports that I need, and comes even at a better price than similar items.

	
  The USB c multiport adapter worked right out of the box. I have a ultrabook with no usb ports so I wasn’t able to use my mouse or microphone at the same time. Once I received this adapter I plugged both mouse and mic and they work at the same time. Such a relief. 100% recommend because it does what it is meant to. Just plug in and get to it.

	
  I ordered this USB-C adaptor when I bought my new MacBook pro(August 2018) since Apple only included USB-C ports & a headphone jack. It works great, has a sleek design, and the aluminum color pairs perfectly with my space gray macbook pro. It is easily portable and great to use when working on a project and need multiple ports for different gadgets. It even has a microSD slot! Great buy and not as expensive as Apple's adapter.

	
  Great quality and versatility. The material is exactly like the MacBook Pro Space Grey metal. It’s easily portable and compact given what it can do.

	
  The product is very good. I connected monitor using hdmi cable and it is working great. The display and camera quality is also very good.

	
  This MacBook dongle was perfect for my purposes. Since I have a case on my Macbook, some other dongles were incompatible and wouldn't fit. This one did not encounter those issues. Totally recommended it!

	
  I was worried about getting this product with the bad reviews, I have used this everyday for two months and it hasn’t had a single problem. Even with All three USBs connected and an SD card in every time. Has helped a lot with pulling photos off my cameras and loading them to different drives. It matches the color of my space grey MacBook perfectly! Would buy again

	
  I wanted a simpler way to move my vacation photos from my memory card in my camera to my laptop to upload for ease of creating photo books of my travels.  This is much easier.

	
  I have now used this for 4 months and am very satisfied with the product. Low profile sits on my desktop adding flexibility to port expansion, plus an at reach sd card slot for my image transfers. I did also purchase an extender so I could place it on my desktop since my computer is on the floor and to the side of my desk. Would purchase again.

	
  I needed an affordable adapter for my MacBook Pro that includes USB 3.0 and an HDMI port. I like this one because it’s light and can hang off your computer when you pick it up. It also only takes up 1 USB C port on my Mac so I still have another port available for charging or my external SSD

	
  Very nice product indeed -- invaluable for me in making the transition to a PixelBook. Very well made and stylish. The brushed metal look is classy too. With this, I am able to connect my PixelBook to ordinary USB storage, HDMI monitors and projectors and also SD cards. Really makes UCB-C devices much more convenient. Recommend strongly for anyone, but definitely for owners of devices with only USB-C ports.

	
  The quality is excellent  no error nothing coming recognizing right away 100 and 10 percent I recommend

	
  I am both freelance and an adjunct professor of Film. I am constantly on shoots or hooking my MacBook Pro up to different teaching rooms, transferring drive content etc. This is has been 100% reliable and I am writing this 6 months after heavy use. Well made and has everything you need. The only thing I wish they would improve a version is to include an ethernet port on it! If they do, I'll buy that one for sure!

	
  Very surprised at the quality of this for such a great price. Very durable, perfect for travel, and.. it just looks cool. Highly recommend.

	
  This helped me connect my old Apple Cinema display to my new 2019 Macbook Pro (with an in-between adapter I had to buy directly from Apple to convert the Cinema display to HD plug.) This great little adapter currently had a recharger for my FIT, two external HDs (though I plug my SSD directly into the laptop), and still has room for me to use an SD card. It's a workhorse! It's so great, I bought a second one for my work laptop!

	
  I like this product because it is very easy to bring around. It is easy to transport while traveling, and just going to work/school. It is really helpful having this product to help me get through my day on my computer. I love this product, 10/10 recommend if looking for something like this

	
  It's a good travel bag item to keep with my MacBook Pro. Other than having a POWERED (and much more expensive) USB-C hub - this is all I could need for use on the road, or on the couch.  Fairly compact design, and easy to store and travel with. Smaller than some of the other ones I've used or had before. Seems pretty sturdy and well built.

	
  This is a great gadget.  It is small, lightweight and sturdy. It has all the connections and card slots I need and anyone might expect from a hub.  I use this on my Chromebook to add extra USB ports and provide the extras I might ever need. I recommend this product and I really happy with it. I would buy this again if I ever need another.

	
  This is a great USB C hub to have in your laptop bag. I had a similarly designed hub from another manufacturer (with 2 USB ports) but found that it got really hot, especially when using the HDMI port. This one did not get as hot. The SD card readers are fast, and having 3 USB ports allows me to connect all of my devices at once. It has solid construction and a nice feel in your hand.

	
  The new laptops without many ports would not be very useful without these multi adapters. This one is a very basic and inexpensive adapter but is does most of what I need. None of the multi adapters has a mini display adapter no mater haw expensive they are, so this adapter is as useful for me as any adapter and was a lot less expensive.

	
  I love this hub - it works beautifully with my Surface Pro with the USB-C connection, and I use it to connect flash drives, printers, read memory cards, and hook up an HDMI monitor.  It truly operates flawlessly, and that's why I call it my swiss army knife.  It is sturdy, well made, and should give me years of service.  Highly recommended.

	
  USB C HUB is perfect for connecting pictures- even my projector to stream movies right from my laptop.  I was not thrilled when apple came out with the C USB but after finding this handy product my world was changed for the best!!!! Works awesome and travels to perfection!

	
  This product has allowed me to connect my external keyboard and mouse which I was able to because my computer only has usb c ports. The Hdmi also allows me to connect my laptop to an external monitor! Great product and would buy again if current one breaks down.

	
  I've had this adapter a few months now and it is amazing.First, the color matches my new MacBook Pro perfectly. Second I use it for everything. My external mouse, external keyboard, USBs, hard drive, HDMI, and i've never had any issues. I've read that people say you can't charge your computer at the same time which isn't true. I charge my computer while using the adapter all the time. I work remote so I'm using this thing 24/7 and I've never had any issues.It's a life saver!

	
  Perfect for charging multiple items at one time.  Our company (at Thanksgiving) appreciated the charging ports...lots of family!  Several commented on how great this was...

	
  Nice USB-C hub with decent metal build quality. Plugs in nice to my MBP 16" and a much cheaper alternative to the expensive apple hub. Nice and light, flat, compact, all around great product. I also like how it has an LED light indicating it's plugged in.

	
  Love love love love! I know you’re supposed to wait a little write a review but this product is amazing! It not only matches the color of my Mac p-e-r-f-e-c-t-l-y but it is super lightweight and slim too! I absolutely love it and it works perfect with my SD card and USB ports. LOVE!!

	
  Lots of products out there and it can be confusing if not overwhelming what to get/what you need.  This is ONLY product you need.  3 USB ports (think iphone, flash drive plus an extra one for whatever)...camera card readers (big and small), and an HDMI (I'm old school and use it on my TV....maybe appleTV is next).Get this and you'll be pleased...I guarantee it.

	
  Great solution for all the hard drives and other attachments I need. Card reader is super handy

	
  It works great.  You plug it in and it is off and running.  We used it with our new MacBook Pro and an older Chromebook and you just plug it in and it acts like it has always been there.  It is really small and easy to carry around.  The bonus is the HDMI output on it, which a lot of devices like this cost more for and don't always work right.  This one was seen instantly by the device and work great to plug into a TV for an extra monitor.  This was a great buy.

	
  I've used a few USB-C adapters for my MacBook and this one has been the only one that I haven't found something that I disliked on it. It is built well, it doesn't feel cheap, and it has worked flawlessly without losing connection with any accessories. I've had it for about 3 months now and it is still working well.

	
  Because the MacBook Pro only has two USB-C input jacks, I was concerned how I would connect other things to it. My son recommended this product and I couldn't be happier. It greatly expands the usability of the computer. It is compact, well-made, and functions just as it should and as advertised.  I would recommend it to anyone.

	
  I love how convenient this product is! I use it for college in order to connect my usb to my laptop, so this is really helpful!

	
  Compact and functional adapter that provides a great value for money at the price the seller is offering. Specially when compared to the OEM adapters that Apple sells on their website. Additionally, this feels like a really high quality product made from a similar material as the MacBook Pro laptop so it goes really well with it. Would recommend this to anyone who owns a MacBook Pro and wants connect USB accessories to the laptop's USB-C port.

	
  I didn’t realize my new MacBook Pro had no USB ports.  I purchased this USB-C hub based on price and quality of reviews.  I’m happy with my purchase.  The device works well, allowing me to hook up wired mouse and printer.  Also, the memory disk reader is a bonus- I’ve never used this feature before having this hub.  High quality product that exceeds my expectations.

	
  We purchased this dongle for our MacBook with very limited connectivity, making this product absolutely essential! The aluminum build quality is great, we can throw it in the laptop bag without worry about it being damaged. Haven't had any issues with connectivity of peripherals, everything works well. Not much else to say other than the product does exactly what it's supposed to do, does it well and it looks great!

	
  I lost over a terabyte of data for Final Cut projects because of this adapter. It kept disconnecting my sd card and external hardrive. I didn't think much of it until nothing worked or connected. My 2Tb hardrive is now toast. Waste of money that will cost you money and time in the end.

	
  I love this product! Everything is as it should be-- even lighter in person than expected and functions well. One thing to note though, and this is not the fault of the product, hence why I still give it 5 stars, but I wish it also had an option to charge your laptop at the same time (I have a MacBook that only has one UCB-C port).

	
  Great product, as advertised, good sturdy materials, arrived in 2 days - these days that is amazing!!All the bases were covered, So I will give a fairly rare 5 stars for ease of shopping experience and 5 for the product itself.

	
  Just received this a few days ago and have used it several times. Just the USB ports so far and absolutely terrific!

	
  Bought this USB C hub for my MacBook.  It's great having the additional ports.  I currently use it with a Focusrite to record music.  Would never be able to use my MacBook without it.

	
  Yeah. you have to get used to using these dongles if you have a macbook pro or something similar. This thing worksl for what it's intended to do. Plenty of usb and the sd slot. The hdmi slot works well, but Id guess something else would have better quality if you are concerned about that. Its built well, been holding up nicely

	
  Laptops don't come with many USB ports, so this makes up for my laptops short comings

	
  This is a great product. I am able to use it with my laptop with no problem.

	
  I love it! Having the ability to have all these ports makes my job a lot easier and I can still charge my laptop as it only takes up one UCB port. It works about 95% of the time. Sometimes some of the USB ports don't work well (i.e. wireless mouse laggy or phone not being able to connect) but after a few tries, it works great!

	
  It works perfectly. We use it to connect a Chromebook to a monitor along with a mouse, keyboard and USB webcam.

	
  It's light weight,  has a sleek design and it works perfectly! Highly Recommended!

	
  Very good build quality, feels nice in the hand and is very tough! The materials are very well made and the metal part even feels like the macbook. Works with all sorts of my cables and doesn't feel glitchy with lots of stuff connected, and seems to be one of the cheapest options for such a thing on the site.

	
  Perfect!!!!

	
  I have had no issue with this adaptor. It was so nice after I got a new computer with no USB ports to be able to plug in everything and even the HDMI port is super helpful for different projects I am working on. Small and easy to fit in my laptop case for travel.

	
  I have been using this product for six months and it works perfectly.

	
  I liked that received this product quickly and it is all in one type of adapter, medium sized so difficult to loose it or forget it anywhere.

	
  Quality of material is excellent, solid, and lightweight. There are enough ports here to get the job done. I rely heavily on the three USB3 ports, as well as the SD card and microSD card readers.

	
  I just put this together and it works perfect to connect my smart tv to my laptop.

	
  This is a quality product with great build quality. It enables me to connect "non" USB C peripherals to my 2018  15 ' MacBook Pro that I had been able to in the past. I now have access to files that I was unable to in the past and am happy with this product.4

	
  This is a must-have for any mackbook air owner. I can run my wired USB mouse and external HDMI monitor to my macbook like a breeze. Not made of cheap plastic, but has a sleek metallic housing which is actually quite lightweight. Highly recommended.

	
  Good value for the money. I was expecting a cheap plastic device but was surprised to see a sturdy device that looks expensive and matches my MacBook Pro. I have only used the USB port so far and it worked seamlessly with all my devices. I would highly recommend this product

	
  Love this product. I switched to a Mac at work and needed something to serve as a ‘docking station’ at home but mobile enough for travel. Works as advertised and I’ll order another for my travel.

	
  This thing is awesome. Works great for school. It's a one-plug stop for pretty much any connects I need for presentations and classes. 100% recommend and would buy again.

	
  I needed an adapter for my surface Pro X that only uses a USB -C input. This device allows me to connect even a disc device. I take it now every time I travel now to assure I can adapt devices to my Surface.It works great.

	
  Works amazing. I was skeptical at first given the great price but everything works perfectly. Great for space too and keeps everything organized. Great if you have a lot of wireless USBs attached to your computer which I do lol.

	
  I use it for my MacBook Pro to connect my mouse, usb and other devices.

	
  It does what it advertises very well and seems to be well-made.

	
  I have been using this for work and home. Especially since I have been working from home! I haven't had any issues with it and it has all the ports that I need.

	
  I love the multiport adapter. I use it with a MacBook Air in the same color. I works for every device I have needed to attach and the transfer speed is great. Very durable connector. Outer covering feels and looks just like my Mac. Great find!

	
  I was very excited about this product because of the price and quality of the product.  I use it often and it is easy to carry with me to work.  It is also very easy to use.  I would recommend this product to everyone and would purchase again!

	
  Very satisfied with this product.

	
  Really quality feeling. I haven't gotten much use out of it yet, but it works great to hook up my PS3 controller to my MacBook Pro. I'm happy so far.

	
  Works fine after 3 months of use.

	
  I really like this product It works well. Easy to use while traveling and has so many slots for the USB drive. It super handy compared to the other products out there. It has slots for USB and SD cards which makes It efficient.

	
  Great product for my MacBook Pro.

	
  This multiport adapter is a solid product that offers great flexibility and speed. Simply plug in and you have expanded your USB capacity and additional ports for SD cards too. HIghly recommend it!

	
  Multiple easily accessible ports.

	
  Received my hub today and it works like a charm. I put it to the test when it came in to transferring my all of my data from my other PC and hard drives to my Mac. Would defiantly buy again if needed.

	
  I really like the number of ports

	
  I'm using this as a way to use my Surface Laptop with a second monitor and more USB ports. Works well.

	
  This is a great well made product

	
  everything is good!

	
  Works like a charm!

	
  It's super inconvenient only having two input slots on my Mac, and this is fantastic. I use it all the time. Good quality and all the slots work well.

	
  It works Perfectly!

	
  Great device. Slim enough to place on my desk without being intrusive. Has enough ports to compensate for the new MacBook design. Would recommendC$››.

	
  Great

	
  No Complains works super great. connects super quick all outputs work as they should. The wire is super durable I barely disconnected from my MacBook.

	
  WORK GREAT.

	
  Just as described - works great.

	
  love it!!!  it works well on my macbook pro! thank you guys for this

	
  It works! Does exactly what it’s supposed to do. Nice quality and performs as expected.

	
  Exactly what I needed for my 2019 Macbook Pro. I can plug in a USB microphone, plug-n-play XBOX controller and my MIDI keyboard. Perfect!

	
  Works well. I’ve used all three USB ports at the same time, no issues. HDMI is a plus that a lot of these converters don’t have. Good metal material.

	
  This worked great with my Macbook pro! All the ports work with my device and the USB C hub is the perfect size to store and take with me.

	
  Connected printer, label maker, SanDisk card, laptop immediately and effectively

	
  It has worked very well so far. I am concerned about the durability and longevity due to the top of the cord that connects to the device.

	
  We are very pleased with this USB hub.  It works very well with our Macbook and our HP Laptop.  It's lightweight but feels very solid.

	
  Exactly what we were looking for.  The multiple different ports make it the perfect accessory for our every day computer. Would recommend

	
  Sleek, clean, works well. Would recommend.

	
  I received adapter in a timely manner. Very easy to connect. I recommend product.

	
  Its Great

	
  I plugged it in and it is working just fine.  No issues

	
  This USB-C Hub is perfect for what I need. It works well and I have no complaints.

	
  Could not be any better-met expectations and works well

	
  I’m very happy with this purchase. It’s a good quality/price product, would highly recommend it!

	
  Looks good so far, will update with longevity.

	
  Bought primarily to use with my new ipad pro, have found it to be super portable (travel often).

	
  This product is just what you need to be able to connect usb, sd card, charge your macbook, etc.

	
  Great product timely service.

	
  Very slim and color is awesome. Nice product

	
  Solid, compact and works as expected. Bought it mainly for the HDMI output. Works great with my 32 in monitor.

	
  Nice

	
  This product is exactly what I was looking for with more than enough slots for my USB and SD cards. Great buy!

	
  Good

	
  Does everything that I need it to do. Great quality and great color.

	
  Nice

	
  This arrived quickly and performed as well as expected. Thank you !!

	
  works perfect, would buy again

	
  Awesome to add addl inputs to laptop.  Good quality and great price!

	
  The quality is over expected. I liked the material. It covered all ports I needed.

	
  Working great so far. Very portable and versatile.

	
  great product works as expected and surprisingly very small.

	
  Works great! Good size and easy to use. Outer shell is very durable!

	
  Great price!  Does more than other brands, and for way less!

	
  Very satisfied with this item would definitely recommend.

	
  Great product for the price, portable and works as expected.

	
  Excellent interface between USB C and older USB equipment

	
  Just got it and it works great so far, haven’t had an issues

	
  I would Highly recommend this product. Love it

	
  Came very quick and seems to be great quality!

	
  I love how small and portable it is

	
  It works on my Surface Pro 7 just fine so far.

	
  It's cheap but it works really well

	
  Quick delivery - additional ports much needed.

	
  Works great, feels great, no problems.

	
  Product was easy to use, compact and portable.

	
  This product is worth every penny. It comes to be very neat with HDMI feature!

	
  Very easy to set up. Works great

	
  Small and an overall great product!

	
  love it

	
  Love it

	
  Perfect adjunct to my Mac Air

	
  It worked great for my Macbook pro

	
  It is worth the price. Works fine.

	
  Works great, no issues, small and compact great for traveling. Best this is all the attachments that I have not used in such a long time.

	
  This product was exactly as we needed. Incredibly effective, great size, and perfect for the utility of multiple plugs. So glad we purchased and would purchase again.

	
  Great for traveling and very durable. Easy to use and reliable for long days of use. Highly recommend for any user requiring a usb c dongle, especially for the price.

	
  This product has the one of the best material I have ever seen. The connectivity has no problem.I greatly recommend this item. The price is definitely worth it.

	
  I like how fast the speeds are, the multi port is great and like it has many ports.

	
  Great product, it feels like a quality product, I love it definitely would buy it again. Great for the price.

	
  A really good feature of this adapter is that it has multiple USB outlets and an HDMI outlet. It is also cheap compared to other USB-C cords out there.

	
  Appears to be a quality product.  Right out of the box, all peripherals I have used, usb ports and addition of bluetooth trackball work very well.  I liked the fact they added four velcro stickers to keep the adapter on my laptop.

	
  Great addition for my new MacBook Pro that doesn’t have any ISB ports!

	
  works great, i make sure to always keep this in my laptop bag, it has saved me many times. No issues with any of the ports

	
  Great product!

	
  I recommend it

	
  It's convenience because it have multiple port to serve different purposes.It so slim and lightweight to carry around.

	
  Really good product!! Works well with my laptop!

	
  Great product with highly cost effective!

	
  Perfect! And good price. Would recommend.

	
  use this with my MacBook Pro, works great

	
  it is small and light. great portability.

	
  Works great! No complaints!

	
  Great Product! Very useful!

	
  This product does what it's supposed to do and I have recommended to others.

	
  High quality item that has all the features needed without a $75+ price tag. Very happy with the product.

	
  Small compact and loaded with features (inputs)  Perfect for the Mac user that has PC adapters from a second computer.

	
  Ever since I bought this product, I have always continually loved it. I have never had a single problem with using it.

	
  Useable for MacBook Pro 2019 version.very useful and fast. Worth the money. Great product. :)  recommend to buy.

	
  I love this product very usefull for when i am traveling because i dont have to grab i lot of wires....thank u so much

	
  The functionality of this and the price. Makes its a no brainer for my macbook pro with no usb options.

	
  Had every port that I needed.  Small enough to be tucked away in a computer bag pocket.  Use it weekly.

	
  I love this usb c hub with hdmi and card reader. Works flawless every single time. Durable and compact.

	
  Good product

	
  Size and convenience of it is great. Such a small (good sized) hub that has everything you could need.

	
  Is exactly what I needed. I have a MacBook Pro and am not tech savvy at all and it was an easy set up!

	
  This product was exactly as described and functions great. Like all the different options it provides!

	
  Everything described about this product 1000% what it said and for a Great price for all that it does.

	
  Very handy and I appreciate the slim design. 100% recommend!

	
  I am super happy with this USB C Hub.  I'd highly recommend.

	
  It is very fast and sleek.  I highly recommend this product!

	
  Bought for my daughter and she loved it.

	
  I like it.  I would recommend it.

	
  Like this so I can use more than one USB port.

	
  This is a great product, no problem and works great. Feels heavy duty while being relatively light and portable.

	
  Works very well with my Dell XPS and I use it all the time. Highly recommend to anyone looking for a way to attach an HDMI cord to USB to their Dell XPS.

	
  This was just what I needed to be able to plug external hard drives and SD cards into my new Mac! It works well and transfers data quickly!

	
  Solid quality and great design for all your connectivity needs!

	
  Compact and easy to use

	
  I love it so easy to carry and light. Works perfect!

	
  This is a very convenient USB hub. It is cheaper than the other ones out there but the quality is amazing. Been using it for 3 months and has caused no issues at all. Would recommend

	
  I love this USB-c , its lightweight, easy to pay. I'm using with my new MacBook Air 2019. I can add memory car, plug my wireless mouse, my alphanumeric keyboard. Perfect for school .

	
  Got this for my MacBook Pro, which only had two ports. So far this has been working great - I can plug in my external drive, charge my phone, use HDMI to connect to external monitor.

	
  Excelent materials and quality. I believe is the best bang for your buck.

	
  It works well. Perfect for office use, especially if you prefer to use a mouse as well as prefer to charge your phone next to you. This is a good choice.

	
  works great, feels sturdy.used with my 2018 macbookpro for mouse, keyboard, hdmi monitor, and webcam

	
  Bought the USB-C Hub for an application at a large aerospace employer.  The hub worked as expected for a machine modification.

	
  This allowed for HDMI connection from USB C port as well as open up some more USB 3.0 ports for use. Product worked as listed.

	
  It’s a great product. I have been using this for 3 months, no problem yet.  Good quality, portable and fast data transferring!

	
  Easy to set up and use.

	
  Great for the price, Ive had no problems with it yet through one semester in school.

	
  I needed this item for my new macbook and it rlly came in handy. Its small and i just through into my backpack and works great when i use it

	
  Great timing

	
  The product size is ideal and it’s usabilities are essential for everyone who owns a macbook. I really like it!

	
  New laptop has limited USB ports and this really helps with expanding the USB-C connection.  I've got an SD card, backup hard drive and HDMI cable attached with no issues.  Even used it to transfer from an SD card to a micro SD card with no issues.

	
  Everything I would expect from a Multiport Adapter, it works great and hasn't let me down and I've been using it continuously for almost a year now! The only downside of this, if I am being super nitpicky, is that it is a little long, but that comes with it having multiple ports so at the end of the day it really isn't a downside.

	
  I am  a tech guy and this USB hub is so versatile in its use , either your transferring or storing files from your USB port or a media cards, very convenient having this with you.

	
  After replacing mac pro from 2015 model to 2019 model, I need a hub to connect monitors, mouse, earphone etc.  Searching around, found this pretty looking one with attractive price. Have been using it for 2 months now, everything works as expected.

	
  Really nice adapter.

	
  I was a little annoyed with the new Mac not having ports and was afraid anything I will buy will be too bulky and big.To my surprise this came as the exact size I needed for my travels, So far it looks really good quality, very happy with my purchase.

	
  Works great with my new Mac book pro.

	
  This came in handy and works like a charm.

	
  great for mobile and extra extensions

	
  Plug and play, easy to use and functional.

	
  Works great. Glad I bought it

	
  This product gets 5 stars because it works flawlessly and is made of high quality materials! I am truly impressed with it and I highly recommend it!

	
  great product

	
  This is great! The adapter is light weight and compact, so it is extremely convenient to carry around when needed. I am very happy with my purchase!

	
  I love that this product is sleek and portable- makes traveling with it so easy! Simple to use and always works great! Super happy with the product.

	
  This multiport adapter has worked perfectly the past few months. It was a great value, and I am very happy with my purchase. Would highly recommend!

	
  I love that its so easy to use and it compact to where its easy to take with me where ever I need It. Great for college students with a MacBook Pro!

	
  Super compact design and easy to carry around. I love that it has multiple functions for me to use (3 USB, HDMI, etc). Super worth it for the price!

	
  Easy to use and works very well with my laptop.

	
  I was pleasantly surprised by this item - fits nicely in my bag, has nearly all of the ports I need, and seems very durable. I'm very happy with it.

	
  This product worked great at was such a good deal for the price. Great product and I highly recommend it!!

	
  There's nothing I don't like about this dongle, it does all the things as advertised and it's low profile for my needs.

	
  man, I really like the touch and smoothness it has, and the color really matches my dark grey MacBook pro. I like this product, if you need one, just buy it.

	
  Simple to use and product is in great condition! Overall, good experience.

	
  Great for traveling. Got it after iPadOS released to use with my iPad Pro.

	
  Work well on my ASUS 2K monitor with a 144HZ refresh rate, very satisfied!

	
  Muy buen producto, cantidad de conexiones para mi laptop con puerto tipo C

	
  Had it a few months.  No problems so far - does what it is supposed to do.

	
  Nice and light, but feels sturdy.  Works with all of my attachments, just what I needed.

	
  I hooked my mouse, keyboard and both my monitors up to it and it instantly worked great.

	
  Good build quality also

	
  this usb c hub is exactly what I was hoping for

	
  Gets the job done. I'm happy with the purchase.

	
  I would like to give a positive feedback, easy to use and have all the required slots for an apple to non-apple products. it works very well.

	
  This is very useful for my new MacBook! Love that the packaging is all recyclable and made from recycled products.

	
  I've had this for a few months now, and probably use it a few times each month for movie nights and stuff, it works really well!

	
  I purchased this product for my MacBook Air — to connect to a second monitor. It is honestly much smaller than I imagined, which is great in terms of storage and travel. It works great and allows me to charge my laptop while performing other tasks. I’m very happy with the product and definitely recommend it! It’s one of the best I found on Amazon and thankful I went through with my purchase.

	
  I haven't had any problems with the usb hub so far, everything works just as it was advertised and I do not have any complaints.

	
  Really impressed with the quality of the product. I have had it for a couple months now and works like a charm. It provides an excellent extension to my iPad Pro for connecting peripheral devices such as a monitor. Good buy !!

	
  It matches the space grey MacBook Pro line very well, and works well using it with an HDMI monitor, mouse, keyboard and sd card.

	
  This usb c hub is exactly what I needed.  I bought a  laptop without a hdmi port and I bought several products trying to find a good solution.  I tried 2 normal usb hubs and they were extremely slow or stopped working altogether when I had 2 or more usb components plugged in.  Frustrated and tired of shipping back products, I finally decided to give this a try and it worked like magic and continues to work.  I'm a fan of the metal housing because I know it is durable.

	
  Delivered fast and does everything I want it to.I don't love the macbook that I'm plugging it into,  but the hub is great.

	
  Echo the headline, finally a device performs out of the box plug and play; no fuss or go online to get this or that!Thank you for a very well made and performing device!

	
  It is a great product. I liked it.

	
  I was blown away by the build quality of this dongle! It's certainly something you'd expect from a high-end hardware distributer. All ports work as advertised and look amazing along side the MacBook Pro. If you're into minimalistic and simple tech, this is the item for you!

	
  I was unsure what to think of this product before it arrived. I read A LOT of positive reviews and decided to buy it. It honestly was better than expected. The build quality is great. Metal and Plastic. The metal is similar to a MacBook. Ive been using it daily and pack it in my laptop bag every night. So far it's held up just fine. I would highly recommend and will buy again in the future.

	
  I love how small the miltiport hub is. It's made out of  aliminum and the quality doesn’t feel cheap. All of the ports work! I mainly use this adapter to connect my mouse (USB) and to connect it to my TV (HDMI). I love the space grey color it matches my macbook pro :)

	
  Works great and in addition to serving as an adaptor for this port, it enables me to use two HD's and transfer files from one to the other without having to bog down the PC space. Works great, lots of port types. Never traveling without it!

	
  Really good quality for the price, the 7 in 1 USB C Hub is really helpful for my 2019 macbook which has no USB A ports, only USB C so this product was a must. I've had it for about 4 months now and haven't had any issues with connectivity.

	
  Love the must needed options this USB Hub gives me for my Mac Air Pro laptop. With the Mac Air Pro, there is no USB plug in. This works perfectly and I have had no problems with it. Worth the buy!

	
  I have used every port on this adapter to attach various accessories.  It works like a charm.  The only thing that I would have liked to make this product outstanding would be to have one USB-C port.  Other than that i highly recommend it.

	
  Works great! All the ports work perfectly. The only con would be the little black wire, it’s not too long but I would prefer it without. Overall I good buy!

	
  This is my second USB hub for my mac. The first one from another company worked okay but had a heating problem. This product does not get hot after hours of use while maintaining good connections with USBs and HDMI. The material is sturdy.

	
  First of all it looks great! with my macbook air :) color match!!!I tried all the ports and are working well. Nothing to complain about so far, I used mainly for SD card and flash drive.It’s really a good purchase!!

	
  Best USB-C in the Market. It helped me complete day to day tasks with legacy hardware. Saved me ton of money on buying new USB-C hardware. Unbeatable quality for the price. Highly recommend it to anyone looking for a USB-c hub

	
  This usb-c multiport adapter was clearly made for the new macbook pro as it is similar in color to apple's new laptop and very necessary for enabling this usb-c only computer to connect to much of anything. I have had this adapter for about a month now and can say that it works great. I have used the sd card port, the hdmi port and the usb ports, all of which work without a hitch. The usb-c cord is thick but bendable enough to not get in the way and the device itself is small enough to tuck away in a computer bag to bring to work. All in all a good purchase for anyone with a usb-c only computer.

	
  The perfect gadget I have brought in years, I hope it works on my new surface laptop that is on delivery, can't wait to try it.

	
  The adapter does everything I need it to do. It has a short cord so it is designed to be used with a laptop. I use mine with my desktop so I had to buy a male/female extension cable. If you have to buy one also, read the reviews of the cable carefully. The first cable I bought would not allow the adapter to be found by my computer. People had written about this in the reviews of the cable. But I was just buying a cable so I didn’t read the reviews. My bad. I sent that cable back and bought a more expensive one and It works great. It was no fault of the USB-C adapter, just the cable I bought didn’t work. Otherwise this adapter works great.

	
  I like how lightweight and small the product is, its good for traveling and on-the-go. I just stick it in my computer bag and I'm out the door. It works fast as well. It also matches the color of my 2019 MacBook Pro 13", so that's a plus!

	
  This hub was almost perfectly what I was looking for. Just wish it had a Thunderbolt 2 port so every possible drive/card combo I use could be handled in one port, but that's  just not out there, so I won't hold it against this hub. I've tested this hub out over the last 48 hours and it works as promised. It was just as fast at copying 100 GB from one USB 3.0 hard drive to another on my 2017 MacBook Pro as doing the same task on my original 2015 iMac. And I love that this has an SD memory card slot. For the $, this had the best value of all the hubs I researched and I'm very happy with my purchase. We'll see how it holds up over time.

	
  It comes in a nice sleek design and color that goes well with space gray laptops. It doesn't look bulky or big but still has a lot of ports. I've been using it so far with no difficulties, and it works well.

	
  Plusses- All the connections are on one side of the dongle, with HDMI on the end. This is perfect for sitting on my desk like a dock.- Even better, both my Mac and my PC have USB-c, so this is incredibly useful for swapping which device, but keeping the same peripherals.- Nice aluminum finish with rubber parts. Overall, the hardware itself has lasted for a long time now.Minuses- I suppose having just one more port would be nice, then I could have one extra that is always open. Right now I have keyboard, mouse and camera hooked into USB, with the monitor using the HDMI port.- I have used the memory card ports exactly twice, so having that much permanent real estate could be a minus, I suppose. But that's kind of a stretch.

	
  I ordered the USB C Hub Multiport Adapter because my new computer only had 2 USB ports. I plugged my printer into it & it works great. I have other Port Adapters that couldn't handle a printer & were slow at loading data of an external USB Flash drive.

	
  This is exactly what I needed. I've been working home for a while (COVID lockdown) and didn't get the chance to take my laptop dock with me when I left the office. Being a newer laptop, the designers decided to forgo a bunch of good old fashioned USB ports for a couple of USB-C ports. Great, but most of my peripherals and tech are still USB. Sooo I needed this in order to be able to plug in more than 2 USB devices at a time. Works great. I use it for my wireless headset and notice no degradation in quality or latency. Nice, cheap little device that's made working from home a little less frustrating.

	
  Exactly as described and easy to use (plug and play).  The small size is perfect for traveling.  I've had many of the ports working at the same time with no issues.

	
  I use an adapter for work.  As a radio and TV host, dependability is crucial. When I first purchased my Macbook Pro, I purchased the SATECHI adapter.  After only three weeks the adapter started losing connection and causing my presentations to STOP!!  I contacted Satechi and they said I needed to reset my PRAM (omg) I did, the adapter still doesn't work and they never replied to my email.  I purchased the new 7-1 Multimport Adapter and everything has been working perfectly for months. Not to mention, the design is better. Unlike the Satechi, the 7-1 Multiport has a small cable. The cable allows a more robust connection to the computer that will not just fall out.  The price, build qulity and reliablity is unmached - a A+ product, thank you.

	
  This USB-C Hub is very versatile.  I use it to connect my laptop to two external monitors, external USB Keyboard, external USB mouse, external speakers, iPhone charging wireless doc, printer fax and separate color laser.  What is absolutely amazing it powers all these devices without and additional USB-C power cord.  I have other USB-C hubs that require the extra power adapter which adds to the overall expense.  This unit has been operating flawless for several months.  Very impressed with performance and have had absolutely zero issues.  It is completely plug and play.

	
  I was shopping for a micro SD card reader for my MacBook, but came upon this and thought about the other miscellaneous readers/adapters hiding in my desk drawer.  Before I threw them out, though, I wanted to make sure this one worked for me. Ta-da! It did a very good job with my SD and micro SD cards, and my assortment of usb flash drives. I haven't tried the HDMI port, since I mainly deal with photos so I don't know how fast it is. That said, the transfer speed for me is good - much better than other hubs I've tried in the past. I am so glad I found this little gem!

	
  I got an HP Spectre. Great laptop/tablet computer, very thin but only has 2 USB-C ports (that are very close so an adapter USB C to USB often too wide to plug 2 of them side by side) and nothing else. I wanted a hub to connect my monitor (HDMI), a wireless mouse and a keyboard. This was perfect. It is very compact (super light and easy to pack, carry etc) has a connector long enough so that I never struggled plugging cords into it and in seconds my entire system became connected for home use. Once done easy to fold and move with it. Looks slick and good material. I recommend it.

	
  It was not working first time and thought I may have to return this, but after some research, I made it working. it is actually working pretty nice - good quality product!here are the tips:If you are using Windows 10 and hub is not working - try this:- confirm whether the hub's small led is blinking -> i was thinking this is possibly because of output current is not enough or Windows O/S is not providing power for the hub.. -- go to device manager and find Generic SuperSpeed USB hub.- uncheck "Allow the computer to turn off this device to save power".- if it doesn't work, repeat this with all of parent usb hub devices - i.e. USB Root Hub (USB3.0), Intel(R) USB 3.1 eXtensible Host Controller.... you will see those device if you select "Devices by connection" from View menu.

	
  For laptop owners, you couldn't ask for a better accessory - adds all the input/output ports you would ever need. Solid build and all the ports work flawlessly. Can be used to save data on the fly as well.

	
  Replaced a flaky older HP doc that came with my laptop. Although I have to plug in power and USB-C separately, the multi-port support for HDMI as well as USB-A (3.0) and SD/micro-SD make this very flexible. Also great for portability given the form-factor and nice build quality

	
  I use this daily with my new laptop that has USB C instead of the old USB slot.  I have my mouse, keyboard and monitors plugged into it.  The best part is that when I want to watch a video or show on my laptop I can use the HDMI port and watch it on my big TV instead of my small laptop.Thanks!

	
  This device is AWESOME!!  Comes in very handy for work and school! I like the fact of it being usb-c compatible too.  That in itself, is very handy, without having to buy an adapter.  Highly recommend to everyone!

	
  USB C adapters are pretty common and can range in quality and cost.This is a nice build at an inexpensive price-point which makes for a nice package.I bought this primary for an HDMI jack for my Chromebook.  I'm happy to say this works quite well with my Chromebook.  For funsies, I also successfully tested it with a Dell running a recent update of Windows 10.  The device has a metal housing and what appears to be a rugged USB-C lead.I would completely recommend this to anyone looking to give their computers more ports.

	
  My new computer does not have enough ports, and what it does have are on the back. This little hub is exactly what I need. It plugs into the USB C port that I don't use, and gives me 3 USB ports, an HDMI port, and an SD card reader. Excellent!

	
  I got this for my new MacBook air and I've absolutely loved it. Very easy to get working and it has a nice little white LED on it to let you know that its working and connected. I often just leave the USB connectors for my external mouse and keyboard plugged in so I don't lose the small USB connector dongles. The workmanship is also top quality and the metal feels very strong and sleek. I already recomended it to my sister and she got one and likes it as well.

	
  I mostly needed to be able to read the cards from my dashcam. Tied a few but none of them worked until I got this. Popped a memory card in it and it showed right up on my iPad. Its extra ports are a bonus.

	
  This little device works great! I bought a new laptop and it only had USB C ports. With this device I can use a monitor, my wireless keyboard and mouse, and my printer. Kept me from sending my computer back.

	
  First let me say I didn’t want to see drive or whatever that they call it just said will work on iPad didn’t know I didn’t know it call plug-in to my 2015 iPad Pro connection.My bad for not looking up

	
  Works as if it's worth $100 definitely worth ur money. Every outlets work and very convenient. IDEK i just love it.

	
  Great Product ! Works well with Windows Surface

	
  The hub is made of good quality material not the usual flimsy plastic just begging to be broken.  It has plenty of plugs in USB ports as well as memory card readers.  It has worked very well for me.  It has a small led light to show it is powered up.

	
  My new computer came with only 1 usb port and 3 usb-c ports. This USB-c multi port adapter makes things much simpler. It gives me 3 USB ports, an HDMI, 2 SD card slots. It is fast working and doesn't take up much space.

	
  Well made and lightweight. Perfect for travel. Covers all the bases.

	
  Nice multi port hub. I keep with my laptop and use regularly. Transfers no problem but some reason I can't get it to work with my phones port. I don't use my phone but still would like to have the option.

	
  This is a must have for working from home. It has all the adapter ports that you would need to connect multiple devices and more. It is very easy to use and compact to take with you if you have to travel.

	
  I order this for my iPad Pro 3rd generation which limits you to only a charger port. This USB C hub came with everything I needed all in one. It’s very compatible and convenient. 5 stars across the board.

	
  It works flawlessly in Windows and Ubuntu. It is an indispensable item if you don't want to manage separately a bunch of USB connections as well as the HDMI connection on your laptop.Besides, customer service is really good, very quick response.

	
  Purchased this adapter for my new laptop.  Works perfectly.  Great size too.

	
  In the box - was pleasantly surprised by how small it was. Nicely packaged.Out of the box - Was packed tightly so no worry of denting or scratching. Was heavier than expecting exuding quality and the finish of the aluminum body was a very nice compliment to my Space Gray MacBook Pro 2019.Use and function - I tried every port and was able to get them all to work especially charging my phone through one of the 3.0 Usb ports. I can't speak to the speed of the drive, because I didn't test that, but it synced up my phone for the first time very quickly.UPDATE: This did not work with my presentation remote. It kept cutting out. I marked it 5 stars for the customer service response time and the way they dealt with the problem. Thank you and would definitely do business again.

	
  Bought my first Mac Pro a few months ago, converting from PC and many USB peripherals (Logitech headset, wireless mouse dongle, etc.).I wanted the ability to connect 4K HDMI to my TV (this was before purchasing Apple TV 4K device, thus eliminating need to connect to TV via HDMI cord unless I go to another TV without Apple device).I plan on using the SD and Micro SD readers, as I have a Nikon digital camera. So, I’ve not tested this yet.I’m pleased with overall design. Very easy to pack into a laptop bag/backpack. I took this with me on a domestic flight without any problems.There are so many similar gadgets on Amazon. I chose this one based on its simplicity, cost, and reviews. I panicked a little after I bought it and before it arrived because I did see the variety of similar gadgets having more options, but when I received my order my anxieties disappeared. This gadget is Goldilocks’ “just right.”

	
  I have had the FlePow USB C Hub for about four months now and could not be happier.  The Hub is attached to my new iMAC and allows me to connect my external DVD drive and my mirror backup drive, both of which function without flaw.  This leaves me an additional port to connect other drives that I keep off-line until needed.  I have not used the 4K HDMI video adapter yet (I don't have an extra screen) nor have I used the Micro SD reader yet.  I have used the SD reader and it reads quickly without issue.  The product is nicely made of aluminum, does not get hot and just goes well with my iMAC.  For the price this is a great option and I would definitely purchase again.

	
  I have a Dell XPS-15 9575 2-in-1 laptop with Thunderbolt and USB-C ports and a micro SD card reader. I ordered this hub to provide the missing ports. When I first tried to use the hub it caused a Windows error indicating that the hub required more power than could be supplied by the port. I sent email to the vendor and within two hours received a response stating that the XPS must be connected to power (not on battery). The vendor promptly responded to additional emails. With further testing I found that the hub will only work on a USB-C port, not a Thunderbolt port. I was able to connect two thumb drives, a DVD drive, and an SD card at the same time. I may use the included HDMI port in the future. This hub is light, sturdy and an excellent product that I highly recommend.After several months of use this product is still working as designed.June 2020 UpdateThis little hub remains one of the best products that I have purchased from Amazon. I highly recommend it.

	
  I love this USB C HUB. I have used it over six months and even my company’s IT Administrator was impressed. It’s lightweight and portable for travel and has worked perfectly when working from home. It allows me to connect my laptop with an HD monitor and any other devices you need while working from home. It accommodates connecting multiple devices including a full Size keyboard, mouse, printer if needed, and any other devices you might need to connect. It’s surprisingly easy on the wallet and I like it much better than the one I had previously ordered to go with my laptop, which was much more expensive. I highly recommend this device. No software needed, just connect your devices and connect to the laptop and you will up and running quickly.

	
  the other usb-c hub i ordered about a year ago from a different company was awful. i couldnt connnect my external monitor to the hdmi port unless i unplugged everything and plugged in hdmi first. it was also very cheap feeling. my first thoughts on this one were that it was super sturdy and i was able to plug in whatever right from the beginning. these little hubs are not cheap and you will use them forever. this one even comes with a one year warranty which they didnt have to do but i really appreciate. i would buy another if it turns out i need another.... which i most likely will at some point. solid product all the way around thus far. will update if things turn :)

	
  Bought this for use with my MacBook pro 2018, which has only USB type C connectors.  I have an old Thunderbolt display that works well, but I also had an LG 27inch display I wanted to use in addition.  This handy USB C to USB/HDMI hub did the trick.  I have used it successfully for connecting a variety of USB dongles and drives, charging my iPhone reading micro-SD memory cards and driving my LG display via HDMI.On a recent trip to Europe I brought it along and was able to use it to connect my laptop to the AirBnBs TV via HDMI and watch Netflix, etc on the bigger screen.So far each and every function has worked flawlessly.

	
  The USB C HUB has been working very well since I bought it. As a MacBook Pro user, this hub has provided a portable, light weight, effective and sleek extension. I have had no problems with this hub and I have reached for this hub every time I need to plug in a flash drive, SD card or my hard drive all at once, which had provided me great connivence. The negative aspect would be the quality of the material as I have had a scratch here and there. However, if one is careful with the usage of this hub, scratches wouldn't be a problem. I highly recommend this hub for simultaneous use, portable, light, and sleek look to the computer.

	
  I bought this for travel because my new laptop does not have many interface device ports besides two USB C ports.  This adapter solves several problems, like using a USB flash drive, and card readers.  A big unexpected benefit is that, during to the COVID-19 lockdown,  I was easily able to create a dual monitor setup with this device by plugging my 24" monitor into the HDMI port of this device.  I went from one small 13" laptop screen to a 13" screen and a 24" screen that made an otherwise unworkable situation so much better!  Then I plugged my wireless USB keyboard-and-mouse dongle into the USB port and was able to use a full-size keyboard and mouse, which really helped me to efficiently work on a laptop for 8+ hours a day.  The multi-port hub adapter build quality is excellent and the aluminum case seems very solid.  Operation is excellent - you just plug devices into it and they work.  This is exactly what I was looking for.

	
  The only thing not to like is that I had to buy an adapter to begin with, which of course has to do with Apple's strategy of forcing accessory purchases on their customers. Anyway, this has 3 USB ports, an HDMI port, SD and TF card slots. I've only used the USB ports so far, but they work without issue. This product was also much less expensive than some of the other options and the color is a good match to Apple's "Space Gray" color. It also has a little led which shows that it's plugged in, which isn't so bright as to be annoying. I've had no issues with this item and would recommend it to others.

	
  Great hub as more and more devices move to the USB-C connector.I've used this device to make my older, but still valuable, tools very useful.  The two parts I use the most are the HDMI and SD ports, allowing me to make sure of my external monitors as well as loads of existing data.  also being able to take advantage of older USB cables for device integration, charging only expands the use of this hub.I've looked at a used a number of similar hubs prior to this, and  this one is one of the most quality built with a great form factors.The only thing I see missing is USB-C passthru...the ability to plug a USB-C cable into the hub, thus also being able to use it with USB-C peripherals.

	
  Purchased a new 16" mac laptop. I use the laptop mostly for work displayed on large screen monitor with a wired keyboard. Keyboard would not work with new laptop, Apple planned obsolescence. Research suggested a hub would fix this problem. Bought the hub. Monitor and hub work great. Keyboard not so good. Worked off and on with laptop, plugged keyboard into large monitor and keyboard works again consistently through hub. Otherwise this hub works great, the keyboard problem is Apple planned obsolescence according to my research.

	
  I needed a dongle. This is a dongle. It's a mighty fine dongle and it dangles well. In fact it might be the dandiest dongle I've ever dangled.All kidding aside, it functions well. It's plug and play and plugging into the ports it behaves as expected. The only difference I've noticed from device to device is if the device is not set up for a particular kind of input, it's not going to take it. It's a dongle... not magic... :DSo... if you find yourself in need of a dandy dongle to dangle with a cable so short it'll never tangle and connectivity that you won't need to wrangle... this will do ya.

	
  I received a new Apple Mac book air without a USB port. I found this USB C HUB and the service, delivery and unit was all top notch professional. The unit allows me to now have all the advantages of a desk top computer.Thank you for a great device.

	
  This 7-in-1 USB-C hub is solid and easy to transport. Good quality materials. We like that it is slim and portable. The only thing that would make this hub better, is if it had a USB-C charging port so a laptop can be plugged into a power supply while simultaneously using the hub and having an additional USB-C port available. As a result of not having a passthrough power charging port, this hub takes up one of your USB-C ports on your computer.  However, the other hubs that have this option that i noticed on Amazon are bulkier than this hub, so if you are looking for a solid lightweight and portable hub and you have enough free USB-C ports on your laptop this is excellent.I have upgraded my review from 4 stars to 5, because i originally only gave less than five stars because the hub does not have a USB-C charging port. However, as I mentioned I have yet to find another hub as compact in that price range that does. This hub has a good build and is very portable with a multitude of efficient hubs. Since purchasing, I learned that the company has another hub (USB C Hub for iPad Pro - 7 in 1 Portable) that is currently on sale for a very good price ; however, it should be noted the hub is designed with an iPad Pro in mind, though will also work in MacBooks and other laptops with USB-C ports. Search for USB C Hub for iPad Pro - 7 in 1 Portable 2.5D Tempered Glass Multiport Adapter with 4K HDMI, PD Charging, SD/TF Card Reader, USB 3.0 & 3.5mm AUX Dongle for iPad Pro 2018/Mac Pro/Type C Devicesby FlePow

	
  Good design, good quality, fits the description.However, in use, an incoming USB C port is missing to connect a charger and an outgoing USB C port to connect a device.I keep this hub but I had to quickly find another more complete one.

	
  The adapter passes power through so you can charge other devices such as your phone.  Love having the USB ports along with HDMI & SD card reader.  Would definitely buy again.

	
  I bought latest version MacBook Pro and I have monitor for my online class. I need connection each other. That’s why I bought this unique hub. I can say very nice design and durable product. Especially I really like color and great matched with my MacBook Pro. Also good price and you will see when you go to BestBuy or other places. Thanks.

	
  Love Love my USB C HUB so glad I found it I keep it with me at all time. It runs my I pad Pro which has it’s own special end and found out it also works for my Grandsons Nintendo switch. My computer and a lot more. I could not leave home without it

	
  My macbook pro came with no usb port. ONly two USB-C ports so this worked well. It has 7 ports attached to it - 3 standard USB ports, 1 HDMI port with vivid 4K video output that transfers media in seconds with 3D effect, 2 SD card slots (one Micro SD) for superior data-storing versatility, and a USB - C power Delivery charging connector. I use it all the time, and so far so good. I actually bought two. one for another family member.

	
  I bought this for my son to use work his MacBook Pro and he loves it! Takes it everywhere he takes his MacBook including college.

	
  As a college student this USB C Hub is perfect because it travels with me in my book bag along with my Mac. I love that it has 7 in 1 ports for all of my media devices. It is very handy and lightweight.

	
  Great price & great little gadget

	
  Works perfectly with Macbook Pro

	
  Got it today. Looks good for now because it has a nice and premium feel to it. Good product for an affordable price. Only complaint might be that the cable at the starting of the adapter looks a little to sturdy, so thinking it might wear out quickly. Let see, hope it doesn't.

	
  This adapter is really beautiful and matches my new MacBook Pro Space Gray. On top of this, it is cheap compared to what it offers. I have been searching many times for a reliable adapter and this was my choice after almost an hour crawling Amazon.

	
  I bought this USB-C hub to connect a monitor display to my MacBook Pro 13" and it works perfect via the HDMI port.  The USB-A ports available are also used to connect wireless dongles for mouse and keyboard.  It's a good low cost device to make your Macbook into a workstation.

	
  Works very good with my MacBook Pro 2019, no issues so far. Does not get hot while in use.Highly recommended.

	
  The USB C Hub is small enough to travel and the product seems to be of good quality construction.I haven't had any issues using USB ports or SD cards.

	
  Used for multiple electronics by my son in his dorm room.

	
  Price was great and the hub works great.

	
  I use this for mostly editing(attaching my hard drive) or when I want to use a mouse. I would give the product 5 stars, but I did have to buy this twice as my first one stopped working(reason is unknown). Overall, my second one has been working great!

	
  This usb was the perfect fit for my computer. My computer couldn’t take regular usbs which I wasn’t aware of till I got my laptop. This hub is what kept me from returning it. I can keep all my usbs hooked up at once. I can use a keyboard and mouse and usb all at the same time.

	
  This is awesome. Small in size yet has all the that I need. I would definitely recommend it.

	
  Plug and play! I've been using this to connect to HDMI displays for the past few months and it works perfectly. Excellent value, definitely recommend.

	
  Works as expected on both tablet and phone.

	
  This is a handy addition to my lightweight laptop. Small, light and fully functional for all of my connection needs.

	
  Perfect mini hub for its size. Multiple ports are very useful for transferring photos from an SD card to your computer. Overall, it works very well and is easy to use and I would recommend others to purchase it.

	
  Works perfectly with the 2019 MacBook Pro Catalina 10.15.3

	
  I used my old mac with a monitor and sometimes for phone charging. After getting the new mac with just 2 usb-c ports, this product comes in handy and I'm able to use my old set up flawlessly. Highly recommended!

	
  What more can you say, its a doc that uses one usb c port and has many adapters. Bought it for cousin that uses it every day for school and still no complaints from her.  Would recommend.

	
  Very handy little multi port adapter.  Very small but has multiple different port options and is easy to use and easy to transport given it’s small size.  Reasonably priced as well.

	
  Was looking for adapter with many options so i didn't have to carry several adapters around--this does the trick.  love that it has an sd card input, a lot of others do not have that and I need it for transferring photos and videos from my camera.

	
  I think this hub has a great design, very functional because of the variety of ports it has and the quality is great. It’s small and compact so I can take it with me on trip easily.

	
  We looked at a few different brands and all of them were so much money. We came across this brand and figured we'd give it a shot. It does exactly what it needs to do and doesn't hurt the bank. Thanks!

	
  Good product!

	
  works great and has lots of ports!

	
  Stylish color and the quality makes it enjoyable. It has many USB ports, which is really good, and other useful ports too.  Small and light enough to carry with you every day.

	
  Good product for what I was looking for.  Works well and was reasonably priced.

	
  You plug it in and it works - that simple. The material is sturdy and matches my MacBook air.

	
  Great product very useful

	
  Attached it to my daughter's laptop and she can attached all her multimedia products (camera, zip drives, etc) while working to edit and process pictures/videos as a media major in college.

	
  Worked like a charm... connected right away and all the ports are perfect.  Great bang for your buck!

	
  all the parts worked perfectly fine. the cable length is perfect. and the build quality is amazing. this does not feel cheep and feels like it was made by apple themselves. would buy again.

	
  This product is exactly what I needed for a very reasonable price. It successfully converts the two small USB-c ports to much more useful SD/USB 3.0/HDMI ports, and it's lightweight too! Extremely easy to figure out how to use, and very lightweight. Great product.

	
  This product has been working really well for me. I use it daily for the HDMI port since I have a monitor at home and I’ve faced no issues.The size makes it perfect for travel as well

	
  It works perfect to connect the MacBook Pro to all my usb devices!

	
  This is a great product. I use this with my external monitor (HDMI), iPhone USB cable, and external mouse. I work remote and travel often so this adapter is essential to have. Definitely recommend.

	
  Works just as advertised.  Great for freeing up the limited number of USB ports on Lenovo X1's.

	
  Can not beat this item for the price I got it. It works great with my computer, lite weight and does exactly what I need it too. I will recommend to everyone with a Mac that needs the additional features.

	
  Works as billed.

	
  This product is amazing, well built, and convenient. I think it is a must have when it comes to having a MacBook with the need to use USB. I definitely recommend you buy one.

	
  Worked just as I hoped. Was able to read a micro card on my MacBook as well as project using HDMI to my tv.

	
  Esta muy bueno y muy económico perfecto para mi mc book pro

	
  I love this product very compatible. No problems at all. Everything works great

	
  Excellent product

	
  Item was packed nicely and arrived without product damage within its packaging.

	
  Convenient and had all the necessary connections. Would buy one again if needed.

	
  Great product works well easy for travel. My son loves it for his Apple MacBook

	
  Item is as described small and reliable

	
  I bought this for my mother. It’s perfect for all of her business needs, it’s small, compact, and easy to fit in her bag.

	
  Works as expected. Convenient product. Simple and straightforward.

	
  I love it, I put my SD card for my camera in there and I am able to transfer the photos onto my Mac book air for editing!

	
  Love that I can use so easy with more than one adapter all in one.

	
  I was not expecting this device to be so helpful. It comes in handy and it's super convenient at such an affordable price

	
  Me gustó el producto

	
  the product worked very well and as expected. highly recommend it.

	
  I needed an adapter for my Microsoft Go laptop.  I particularly wanted an HDMI cord to connect it to the TV when the WiFi dongles stop working for whatever reason.  This does the trick for that, as well as for my USB flash drives. The SD card reader works fine as well. Overall, I'm extremely happy with the purchase - and the price is fantastic.  However, if you're looking for a super sharp/bright result on your TV, you might have to get one of the pricier HDMI converters.

	
  USB-A keyboard and wireless mouse work perfectly with this dongle.

	
  edit:1 more star for a total of 5 stars because of the excellent costumer service, they helped me with my problem without contacting them, they contact me first. So I will order one extra adapter soon for my son---------------4 stars only ‘cause I tried to use the smart board and the screen worked but the markers didn't work with connection, but it works well with usbs, SDs and the HDMI in general, i like it and i would buy it again

	
  I like the compact design. It works really well and is easy to carry. Totally worth the money.

	
  Originally i had received this product, it died within a few hours. After writing the initial review (which has since been removed to update this one). I was emailed directly by two acting members of the product PR team, both were offering different ways to make things right and help me with the faulty product. I have since been given a replacement as the first one was a "lemon" as one of them mentioned. Its worked so far for a week and a half or so. Hoping this one lasts!

	
  A lot better quality thing than I thought it would be. Definitely a good option for the price.

	
  This is my best hub. The makers are probably already working on the next generation so here is my suggestion. A big hub like this needs two charging ports and a built in chip to keep them from overcharging anything. The reason is that a phone, a mouse, a keyboard and an external hard drive quickly drain the battery of the phone. That situation must be remedied in the next generation of hubs.

	
  Great for plugging in multiple devices to your MacBook since they don’t have USB ports anymore

	
  Nice construction and data transfer rates for my new laptop. My go to hub from now on. Hi works great for a small hub and it only needs one thing another usb-c port to charge thru. Wish that I had looked for that, but for the price it’s a good value.

	
  I’ve had this product for about two months now, I use it for the SD card feature and USB card feature for my 2019 MacBook Pro and it works just fine.  Sometimes if I have it in for a long time and the files aren’t in use my computer won’t recognize it is there and I need to Unplug and replug, or sometimes when I initially plug it in it won’t recognize it on the first try but it usually works on the second. These minor inconveniences only happen every once in a while, overall a good bang for your buck

	
  Four score and seven years ago a naive me bought a USB mouse thinking I could use it in any computer. Little did naive me know that macbook wouldn't have USB! After crying for 40 days and 40 nights I stumbled upon this USB C HUB. I ordered it before my conscious brain could comprehend this product. With QUICK shipping, I received it in my mailbox and immediately unboxed it. I plugged it into my Mac and low and behold I was finally able to use my USB mouse. This product is a godsend.

	
  This is perfect for you if you have one of the new MacBooks! It's so easy to plug everything you need into it without having to have separate adapters. I even tried this with a Samsung Galaxy and it worked as well! Highly recommend!

	
  Every time I buy a new computer it has less and less ports available. Now I have a fabulously fast computer with two ports and one million things I need to plug in. This product has been excellent in solving the problem. I don’t have to unplug the printer to use my CD drive and all of that. I can upload photos while I charge my phone. A++

	
  Very well constructed and functional.  Has all the outputs that I will need.  After using it, found it to be very dependable.  It was boxed very well and came with adequate documentation.

	
  I've ordered the adapter a month or so ago, and it has been very useful at work. I can now charge my laptop, use the USB port, and the HDMI connector!

	
  I have two of these adapters and they work as expected.  It is lightweight and convenient for easily setting up a desktop setup with external monitor, keyboard, and mouse.  Compared to a full port replicator/docking station this is an inexpensive option and performs as expected for what it is. One downside is the Logitech wireless mouse is  laggy if plugged into the adapter.  I don’t blame this on the adapter as that is a problem with most USB hubs.

	
  Great product with high quality. It fits properly on 2019 Macbook pro 16 inches. It requires a little pressure to clip properly on my Macbook port.It fits perfectly on Dell xps and other laptops too.The quality is sturdy,  portable and durable.  100% better and cheaper than many of them in the market.You will never regret buying this product.

	
  Bought this product for my Surface due to the limited USB ports.... it has none.... and this has allowed me to be able to add headphones and my mouse... was excited to find out it had HDMI too!  So glad I bought this product works great and more then what I was asking for!  Must buy and makes sense to be Amazon Choice Product!

	
  Nice little hub, compact, stylish, good quality. Simple to use, connected everything and worked with one try. I use it to connect HDMI monitor, two external hard drives to my Dell XPS 13. Wireless mouse receiver can be plugged in the hub, but make sure no blockage in between the mouse the receiver.

	
  Great item to have for the latest MacBook Pro which I use. Keep in mind this product is not strong enough to support or run the external CD adapter.

	
  Ordered  this yesterday, received it today!  Came packaged well and sealed.  Have MacBook Air and iPad Pro.  Looking forward to putting this little device to good use!

	
  I have used the adapter on a Mac Book Pro and it does work.  However I need to keep the Logitech mouse on another adapter because it was interfering.

	
  Exactly what I needed for my new laptop that has only 2 standard USB ports.  I need more USB ports for accessories required on the job.  This adapter is ideal and small - very portable.

	
  It's very slick and have enough ports for connecting to other devices.

	
  The device was so small and convenient to carry around. Recommend 100%

	
  Very well made.

	
  solid construction. doesn't feel light or cheap. works as it should.

	
  Exactly what I need! All ports have worked perfectly for my MacBook Pro.

	
  I bought this for my Surface Pro 7. Even with 3 USBs plugged in, it ran smoothly without a problem.

	
  I just got the flepow usb type c hub pro. It looks nice

	
  The multipart adapter is a great addition to my MacBook Pro! Simple to use, just like it should be!

	
  For the price the material is great and works fantastic

	
  Great product. Easy, reliable, travels well.

	
  Product works great, makes using multiple accessories so much easier!

	
  VERY USEFUL. WELL WORTH BUYING

	
  Exactly as billed.

	
  It is really good and economical. Good for traveling. Great material.

	
  loved the product everything came in perfectly and worked perfect. Definitely needed this for my laptop and was very easy to use and work with!!

	
  It’s very useful and very fancy.

	
  Works just like I wanted it too and has all of the ports that I need.

	
  Great product. Like the variety of connections

	
  I have been using it with MacBook Pro for 4 months and it works fine.It also works fine with Windows10 installed on VMware on the MacBook.

	
  i found this product in excellent quality and easy to use

	
  I've been using this adapter for 6 months now. Never tried its HDMI port, but all USB and SD ports work great. No complains. Great alternative to overpriced and functionally limited apple adapters.

	
  I love that this hub had a HDMI and SD card slot as I use both frequently. The price was unbeatable and the delivery was literally the next day.

	
  I needed something simple and functional and this worked great!

	
  USB ports work well with second screen or 10 key pad and HDMI is great for mirroring/streaming on television or other monitor. I'm glad it has a dongle so it does not interfere with my laptop case.

	
  Works like a charm.

	
  Like the weight and look of it. Works good.

	
  This Product is extremely handy and useful.I have been using it since a while now and haven’t experienced any issues.Would Highly recommend it to everyone looking for a adaptor.

	
  This is perfect for my MacBook Pro as I constantly deal with hard drives, camera hookups, lights and other sources as I lead worship.  It is also super helpful to have other inputs besides the USB.

	
  great product and works well. i like that it only uses 1 of your 2 usb c ports and has multiple options to use at once. space gray color/material matches well

	
  highly recommend this item. it works great!

	
  I use is everyday, and it works well. the usb ports are really helpful, I have both used and also the hdmi. The only problem which is minor, I have to unplug the hdmi sometimes to reset the video. Would def buy from this seller again.

	
  This product has been great for not having these ports built into my Mac anymore. I love the many ports and ease of use. I haven't had any issues. Works quickly and does everything I need it to do.

	
  I bought this because all of my other adapters kept breaking, but this one is great. The added micro SD card slot was really nice as well. Great for the price

	
  Works well. Exactly what I was looking for.

	
  My new HP laptop has few ports, couldn't even load photos from my camera.  This device has worked perfectly for 5 months.  It is lightweight with a high-quality appearance.

	
  Nice and ultra light, perfect match to the mac pro space gray color

	
  The item is used in our home and allows us the ability to use all external devices/accessories at the same time without the need for inconvenient swapping of cables.  Great purchase!

	
  comes with three USB ports, and also comes with SD&TF card reader. I can normally have to plug two USB at the same time and this has been very good fit for me

	
  Exactly what I needed for the great price.

	
  Lightweight, plug and play, great for traveling and at home. Only potential concern is where the cable bends, to take care when packing it away. Wouldn't be able to get anything connected to my MacBook Air without it!!

	
  No problems and it's perfect

	
  This product has come in very handy.  I purchased this before the pandemic not knowing that I would be using it everyday.  I love that it's an all-in-one hub!

	
  Works great!

	
  So far so great....My daughter needed a hub for her macbook pro and this fit the bill.  It is lightweight, easy to toss into her book bag and so far functions like it should.

	
  This product is excellent! It’s exactly what I needed and I love the 7 hubs!!

	
  This is great!!! Easy to use and fast shipping!

	
  This thing is SO convenient. I just got a new Mac that only has two USB 3 ports, and this thing is a lifesaver. I do music production, so I’m able to connect tons of different things to the computer, and send it to my monitor with the HDMI port. Definitely a buy

	
  Recently bought a MacBook Pro and was bummed by the lack of ports included.  This expanded my computer to be able to plug in a monitor as well as my other usb peripherals without sacrificing the power cord.  Metal color a spot-on match too.

	
  Order arrived as described and on time. So far no issues. Would recommend.

	
  I bought this product for a while and impressed by its high quality. It won't take too much space and is very useful especially for Mac users. Also, it goes well with my dark grey MacBook.

	
  For a long distance trip needed an HDMI connection to setup the video for in car entertainment system to keep kids busy, worked with excellent quality.

	
  I am a photographer and this one works well with all my accessories to attach it to my laptop.Easy to use and compact to carry during traveling. Love this product and highly recommend.

	
  No problem with it at all. A very good quality product for the price. I would've liked a USB c port so I could charge my device while using it, but I chose this device specifically for the extra USB 3 port. 👍🏻

	
  Use this quite a bot. Creates extra ports for my laptop!! Highly recommend this product!

	
  Works great. Bought this multi port hub when I got my new Apple MacBook. Works well and accepts all the different ports I need including USB and SD card.

	
  I am happy with this product as it's nice to have such a variety of ports, even though I may not use them all. It's working well so far. Very compact for taking with me anywhere. Sturdy so hopefully will last quite some time.

	
  This USB hub works perfect with my new MacBook pro 16' and I love the quality Hub! Save your money on Apple brand adapters and buy this one for a fraction of the cost with many more ports!

	
  WAYYYYYY better than the ones that are basically a block. The usb-c being  on a short chord made it last WAYYYYY longer than the block version

	
  The product is extremely slick, smooth, yet sturdy. This is exactly what I needed to extend the use of my laptop to other devices. I love it!

	
  I purchased this hub for my new MacBook. It has everything I needed in the right price and good quality. It’s been working just fine and I haven’t had any issue with it. It’s super light weight, compact, sleek design in the color I was looking for. I highly recommend it.

	
  Strangely stopped for about 10 minutes the first time I used it After unplugging and plugging it back in it has worked perfectly with daily use for four months.

	
  I got this a while back but it is a great little usb-c hub. It is built very well with being made of some kind of metal on the outside and the plugs are made of sturdy material also which is awesome. Instantly worked, no need for any software once you plug it in. Overall a very well built product and performs great for what its supposed to do!

	
  This item is a must have for MacBook owners!  We use the USB ports daily for our MacBook Pro as we have clients that bring in artwork to our business on USB drives.  I've bought one of these for each of my college age sons to use with their MacBooks as well.  We love this item!!

	
  Great little dongle, especially for the price!  Enjoyed the fact that it has USB 3.0 connectors as well as an HDMI port.  That's nice.  Doesn't feel cheaply made at all!

	
  This is a must for new laptops which have few ports. Have used for a few months now, works perfect.

	
  My desktop motherboard had failed when i was working on a project and i needed to be able to have multiple screens and use my peripherals while it was being repaired. I ordered this for my laptop because it not only has additional USB ports but the HDMI on the end which allowed me to extend to a secondary display. It ran completely off the power of my laptops C-Port and even though i loaded it up with several additional devices and a secondary screen it never missed a step. Very simple to use, has a sleek look, and gets the job done. Definitely worth the purchase.

	
  I'm out and about most of the time and this thing gives me all of the functionality of a laptop dock without any of the extra weight and clutter in my bag. Having access to all of those extra USB ports is a godsend and having the ability to hook up another monitor with the HDMI port makes my laptop a productivity powerhouse. If you travel alot, or if your laptop is your main computer. I definitely recommend this.

	
  Purchased this for my macbook pro, and so far it's lasted many trips in my backpack and laptop bag, being tossed around, etc., and it still works great! Made out of a solid material, and the cable is strong too.

	
  I have tried many adapters for last 3 years.  Most of them work very for travel use but ware not stable when I keep using it in my office premonitory although some very expensive one.So far this works very well without any outage for last few weeks.

	
  I purchased a new Mac and didn't realize there were not an USB ports. I need to get up with the time. I researched this product and was surprised how EZ it was to use. I must admit...I still like the USB to be part of the computer itself; however, if you need a product that functions well...I suggest giving this a try.

	
  I have had difficulty with USB-C hubs on a Macbook Pro in the past, but this one has worked perfectly for me. If you need a USB-C hub for your Macbook Pro, consider this one. It's affordable and works perfectly every time I use it.

	
  Although I have not been able to test-ride its all ports yet, so far I have been very happy with its USB ports. It does not look like a cheap built and its portable. I like it so far.

	
  This hub was just what I was looking for!  It's super easy to use, just plug it in and go.  I also like the slim design of it, making it great for traveling.  I've been able to use multiple ports on the adapter at once without experiencing any slow downs.

	
  We bought this product to connect our tablet to our TV so we can pull videos up online and watch them on our TV. This product works great. We are utilizing the HDMI connection for our videos. Our tablet only has one USB port so we also utilize the extra HDMI ports on the HUB when we need more than one.

	
  It works with Samsung S9+ and is nice and small... also plan to use with new Macbook Air (will update if have any issues).

	
  I bought this USB C Hub Multiport Adapter - 7 in 1 Portable Space Aluminum Dongle with 4K HDMI Output, 3 USB 3.0 Ports, SD/Micro SD Card Reader because it was listed as "Amazon's Choice" and it had great reviews and I am very pleased that I did.  I like that fact that it is sleek and compact and it travels well.  I use this device every day and would definitely recommend it.  I am a happy customer.

	
  I have been using this product for the past 7 months now and has worked flawlessly. You simply plug it in and off you go. Data transfer is quick and I have not noticed any delay in transfer speed etc. It is robust and has held up to being chucked in my computer bag when traveling. I would definitely purchase this product again if the need arouse.

	
  I purchased this product in October 2019 in order to upload documents from my USB to my ipad pro 11 inch. It works perfectly without any delay. The ipad recognizes the device and I have no problems uploading documents and powerpoint presentations. It's portable and light so I can place it in my ipad carrying case and use it wherever I go. Highly recommend it!

	
  With the new Mac books I was disappointed that there were only USB-C ports so none of my thumb drives, HDMI cables, etc. would work. This thing is a life saver for that. I can only say that it works as advertised. I have not had a single issue with it thus far.

	
  I was looking for a way to expand the inputs of my MacBook due to only having 2 USB C ports. I finally decided on this product and so far I have not been disappointed. The HDMI input is a plus as the majority of the other products I was researching did not have this input. This device is sleek and will not be a hassle when traveling. Overall, I am very satisfied with this purchase and will recommend to whoever needs more ports on their USB C only devices.

	
  It gets the job done when I need to connect a lot of devices. On occasion, I'll notice a bit of lag, so I use single dongles for my mechanical keyboard.

	
  We have a blog and have a lot of social media, this device was a welcome addition to our tech gagets. Because we have a number of camer's, drones, action cam's ect. Since we are always tranfering data this is one device that has made things a lot easierOurcrazeeadventure.com

	
  Love this adapter. If you have a computer with a usb-c/thunderbolt 3 port, I HIGHLY recommend this product. I have the new 16 inch MacBook Pro (as of 2019), and this works perfectly! I've connected my flash drive, midi controllers, microphone, hard drive, TV, and this thing has worked perfectly. I haven't transferred anything from the SD card slot yet, though I doubt there will be an issue when I do need to, judging by how good quality this product is. Hope this helps!

	
  A very convenient way to transfer media files (photos, videos, audio tracks, etc.) across devices without losing fidelity and high definition.

	
  Received this yesterday.  It was smaller than I expected but that's a good thing. Has heavy duty feel to it.  Used it today connect 2 phones together to transfer files from my old Moto phone to my new Samsung phone.  Worked perfectly after I figured out where to go on my old phone to change the USB settings to File Transfer!

	
  I carry this with me at all times! Super convenient size and  has all the plug ins I need!!! Works incredibly and super reliant.

	
  SOOO AMAZING! I have an Ipad Pro 12.9” and this adapter has saved me so much time. I have an hp laptop that’s super slow and takes forever to transfer large files. I will say though... because it’s doing major transferring from one device to another, it does get warm, but I believe that’s normal because so do laptops/PC’s that have these ports. I LOVE IT SO MUCH !!!!

	
  Nice product. Feels sturdy and strong. It's not terribly big. Exactly what I needed. The ones at the store were around 50 bucks. This does just fine compared to in store products.

	
  East to use very well built adapter.  It’s compact and easy to take with when I travel.  Very versatile for many of my electronic needs.  I personally use the SD card feature the most.  I am an amateur photographer and take this with my laptop to use for photography.  I am impressed with how well built it feels.  Perfect for what I need.

	
  This was a great investment for my Macbook Air at half the cost. I paid about $17 for this and it has helped me do duel screen with ease. It's a simple plugin and disconnect when done. It's great for my USB charger for my iPhone as well due to the laptop only has two Type C-USB ports. It's very portable to throw in my backpack and go. i would highly recommend this one.

	
  I use this hub almost everyday as it productively helps me get more done since I can charge more devices at one time and/or access multiple devices as well.  It's a clutter-saver as well as the cord is perfect length for ease but not more than that.  I purchased an additional for my wife's MacBook Pro.  We wouldn't want to be without them now.

	
  This USB-C hub includes 4k HDMI which works well for business applications and it's nice and light. Does not feel cheap either it has a nice aluminum finish. I do recommend.

	
  Works great. Everything is as described. Seems to be well built.

	
  Few of our USB accessories, even those for USB 3, fit the USB C ports in a recently purchased laptop. This hub/adapter solved our problem, is convenient, and robust enough to survive travel bouncing around with other accessories in a bag.

	
  It works well but I’ve only had it for like 5 days so let’s see!

	
  I bought this to use with my Mac for a presentation I had to give. It worked great!  I've used it since a few times to download pictures from my memory card for my camera and it also worked great.  It travels well and it is light.

	
  This product arrived quickly and has all the connections I need.

	
  It’s a little delayed.. I like it just wish it had the updated headphone jack on it.

	
  New laptop didn't have enough ports, computer guru said get a multi-port adapter. Completely simple, plug in and use. No problems at all - works great.

	
  Great product for my new MacBook Pro

	
  IF you have a tower pc in a desk enclosure. This is great for making USB accessible.

	
  This is one of those products that perform as expected and just works, the design, materials and the color are superb.You won't regret purchasing this product.

	
  Works super well! I really like it!!

	
  I bought a hard case for my new MacBook Pro so I couldn't use the dongles that connected tightly to the side.  This flexible dongle had everything I need to attach an extra screen and all the none MacBook Pro accessories.  I like the new computer but only have one type of port is a bit limiting so this dongle was a lifesaver.

	
  Works perfect. Only wish I could plug in my earbuds.

	
  The three USB 3 output ports are just what I need

	
  Really happy with this adapter. Lightweight, chic, and super easy to use. Just wished it came in the same color as the rose gold mac!

	
  This product and those like it are essential for computers that have skimped on having a USB or HDMI port (Apple, please note this!).  So far it has worked very well.

	
  Great product, works perfectly with the new Macbook, lots of ports to hook all you things in.!!  I would buy again if I ever need another one.

	
  Worth the money and not cheap like most products!

	
  Just what we were looking for.  Solid build quality!  Good purchase.

	
  Works perfectly for attaching a second monitor and a wireless mouse to my Macbook Pro, with some extra ports to spare. Perfect size for sticking in a backpack and traveling around with if needed.

	
  This product met  my practical business connectivity challenges

	
  The material is durable, and it is easy and light for carrying.

	
  I bought a new MacBook Pro and needed to somehow get all my old usb accessories like drives and such. I bought this device and have everything I need. It’s great to get 3 USB ports from one usb c port.

	
  Best port that I have purchased.

	
  This product works great and is super easy to use for a variety of needs. i recommend it.

	
  This is a great addition for anyone's computer.  It provides all the extra ports you may need and is very lightweight and slim.  Our new laptops only came with USB-C, HDMI, and USBs -> needed this handy device for memory cards and additional USB ports.  Use it every day at work - very satisfied.

	
  works flawlessly,now i am waiting for new ipad os update!

	
  Nothing bad to say, works great.

	
  I just bought this product and the built quality is solid. The material of it feels similar to the MacBook Pro material. For the price of this adapter compared to the other ones in the market, this is the best.

	
  I'm very happy with my purchase. It's functional, small enough to carry in a purse or bag and works very well. I recommend this USB adapter!

	
  Works Great, no issues at all.  amazing product for the price!!

	
  Works great with my MACBOOK Pro.

	
  This product is very helpful for providing USB ports, an HDMI port, and slots for SD cards. I have the new MacBook Pro which unfortunately doesn’t come with any of these, so this adapter is very helpful for me.

	
  Got the hub for my new MacBook Air and it was perfect for it. Very sturdy feeling product. It was nice that it had more USB ports than other's that I've seen. This was the best solution until everything is USB-C capable.

	
  Very easy.  Just plug it in and you are ready to go.

	
  Does exactly what it's supposed to do, had it for months now and it still works great!

	
  love this! It is super easy to use and super sleek-looking. Its small enough to slip into your laptop sleeve and always have it available.

	
  I purchased this to use with my new Mac. It is a great product, use it many times to connect to TV, load on photos, or share docs using USB.  Just plug in and connect- easy as that. Fits easily in pocket of computer bag.

	
  Bought for college student. Seems to work very well.

	
  Well made, works well, feels sturdy...good price!  What's not to love???

	
  This USB C Hub Multiport Adapter has worked very well for me. Just as advertised. Fast delivery - would definitely recommend.

	
  This is a great simple and effective adapter.  We use it with my wife's MacBook Air, and it has worked perfectly.  The construction is solid, and we've used the HDMI port for a few hours.  Highly recommend for the price.

	
  Great product, good for travel.

	
  Product works great. Perfect for Mac books. Would recommend to a friend.

	
  I have been using this device for over 6 months and never had any issues. Works good with my lenovo flex.  I will recommend it for purchase.

	
  Perfect

	
  Love this adapter. I can do so much at once and is necessary for my MacBook Pro.

	
  This USB C hub has nice construction and works as advertised.  Very nice addition to my Macbook Pro.

	
  This is a solid, affordable product that does exactly what it promises to. I’ve been using it with an iPad Pro and I’m very happy with it.

	
  Loved! Worked great!

	
  Perfect for my MacBook Air.Good quality build!

	
  The color matches my Macbook, the quality seems sturdy so far, and it's very practical and portable!

	
  Excellent product

	
  Good solid product.

	
  Worth the price with very good quality

	
  Great quality. Portable. Good looking and functioning hub. Nicely complements my space gray MacBook.

	
  Best multiport ever

	
  Product looks great and size is perfect to carry with my iPad Pro

	
  I bought this to extend ports for my macbook which has limited ports this fits well for the purpose.

	
  Great product at a good price. Helped me transfer my files easily.

	
  Came quick! Works well, wish the wire was shorter! But love it ;)

	
  works great.  Great price.  solid quality.

	
  Looks really clean and very compatible to USB port and HDMI. I really like it!!

	
  It works perfectly

	
  I like this product, super handy to have around. I have a 2019 MacBook Pro 13”.

	
  I use it everyday!

	
  Good Simple things

	
  Good

	
  I purchased this hub for my Chromebook as it only has one USB connector and it works PERFECTLY.  It's exactly what I needed.

	
  This USB C Hub Multiport Adapter is SO easy to use!  I am not very tech savvy...and this product has been helpful in so many ways!  I am grateful that I purchased it!!

	
  I really love the accessibility of this USB hub. It has different ports such as USB 3.0, SD card and even HDMI! I use this everyday and haven't had any issues with it.

	
  I ordered this item because I needed more additional USB access for my MacBook Air.  I am able to use my screen extention as well as a mouse and i couldn't be happier.

	
  I just received this product and so far it works as advertised.  It's solidly built, not plastic!

	
  This product was compatible with my mac book. The delivery was fast. Its been over 6 months, and its still working fine. I would recommend this product.

	
  I recently bought this adapter from my MacBook I purchased at Costco and this adapter works great, feels solid and fits anywhere. I recommend it to anybody.

	
  Very accessible and useful for school.

	
  Good product works just as well as other hubs for iPad Pro

	
  meets all my needs for traveling a lot

	
  Received on time, attached to chromebook and worked flawlessly.  Highly recommend if you need a lightweight, portable, USB extension.

	
  Works great in my Mac. Great purchase.

	
  Connections register quickly and transfer speed is quick! Easy to connect and has lots of port for various connections, and

	
  I have been using it consistently for several months with no issues.

	
  It was a very worth the price purchase

	
  This product works as described and is good quality. Would buy again

	
  This worked great with my MacBook Pro.

	
  Ought it for my highly technologically advanced nephew! He loved it!

	
  This is really good and easy to carry.

	
  excellent product. I was thinking about material but I saw in my hands I see the good material

	
  Perfect adapting piece for my Google Chromebook and easily portable.

	
  Excellent product!  Works as intended.

	
  Product was great. Super friendly to use and versatile to hook up to lots of inputs.

	
  Very light weight and portable USB hub. Better than what i expected.

	
  Very solid

	
  I have had this now for a few months and have not had any issues with it.  Would buy again.

	
  I carry this with me everywhere. 3 traditional USB ports, as well as HDMI, is GREAT! The ability to insert memory cards is such a bonus.

	
  Fantastic item. It saved me from spending $70 on some apple product.

	
  Perfection

	
  Happy with the purchase. For its price, it's really high quality and has great minimalist design. Its range of input ports is wide. Just wish it also offered a USB-C port as well.

	
  Perfect accessory for my new MacBook Pro- now I can use any device/drive with the laptop. It's small, discreet, and easy to travel with.

	
  I have no complaints whatsoever. It has worked perfectly for me. 100% recommended!

	
  Works well

	
  Just what I needed for my IPad Pro. All points are working just fine. Could not have purchased a more useful tool to use with my system. Thank you for producing a quality product!

	
  This product does exactly what it is advertised to do and is much cheaper than its competitors. Would buy again and recommend to others!

	
  it's cheap and the quality feels premium. very useful, must have for any macbooks.

	
  This was perfect and exactly what I needed to connect a large monitor to my laptop, plus with all the other connectors on this adapter, it is perfect for all my projects. The size is perfect and takes almost no space in my laptop bag or on my desk. I will be ordering more for my co-workers, who are always asking to borrow mine.

	
  Used SD card reader and the USB port for ethernet connectivity. All worked well. It's small and I kept it in the box for it's travel case.

	
  I’m so glad I bought this product. The new MacBook lacks USB ports, so I needed to buy an adapter. This one is perfect for all my needs.

	
  All ports work - feels just like the $65 Satechi one they sell at the Apple store!

	
  Great hub for on the go usage, especially with the new MacBooks. Matches my case's color, and seems to just work. Bought a second one.

	
  this is the most cost effective and good product

	
  Durable material, lightweight, and small enough for traveling.  Only downside is that it gets hot after awhile.  Overall very good product.

	
  I am very satisfied with this adapter. It is working well for my laptop (LG gram).

	
  I needed this to add more USB ports to my laptop for an online class I'm going to. It works exactly how I needed it to!

	
  Works great and matches my Mac Book Pro. Would def buy again!

	
  This tool is amazing! It’s small enough to put in your laptop bag. It’s the perfect thing for my MacBook Pro. I use it with a usb cord to connect to my printer.

	
  A must for my macbook pro that only has USB C ports. The three USB ports were critical to connect a wireless mouse, keyboard and have another slot for a thumb drive. The HDMI port is placed in an ideal spot and works well.

	
  I've been using it for almost 2 months now for usb and hdmi connection with my mac and I have no complaints; it functions great. I specially like it because I can use it with my mac protective case on. I had another adapter that I couldn't use with a case on, so I took the case off and precisely then I hit something and my mac got a dent. So now I got this adapter and I'm never taking the case off.

	
  Excellent dongle. Looks like it's made by Apple, matches space gray MacBook.

	
  I've been very happy with this product so well. It's well made and it's been helpful to have so many ports.

	
  Great adapter. I wanted to say that this adapter feels like high quality and durable. It works great and the price is reasonable. I highly recommend this  if you don’t want that adapter that is attached to your MAC. It’s very lightweight and portable. The reason I bought it was because I had a case for my MAC that made me able to attach device super easy.

	
  Works great with HP Envy and Dell XPS.Excellent HDMI connection to 2nd monitor.Feels good and durable.

	
  This little hub is way more than I bargained for.  All 3 USB-3 ports are lightning fast, and it works like a champ. I had low expectations, but it was a great value. Would definitely buy again.

	
  It is really good. Small size and easy to take everywhere. Im super happy with my purchase!!!

	
  This USB C Hub Multiport Adapter has been exactly what we needed.  I am especially appreciative of the card slots for an SD and Mini SD cards.  Coupling this with an HDMI port is what really makes this dongle special.

	
  It is very compact, reliable and easy to use. I always have this in my backpack wherever I go. I highly recommend this for anyone who is looking for a compact portable dongle with many ports.

	
  I like it. Except the sad card reader is a bit slow.

	
  Just bought a new computer that only has the C type connection so needed a hub for USB and HDMI.  I research quite a few products and chose this one because it seemed like the best value for the money.  A lot of customers are having a great experience with the product just as we are.  Also, the initial one we ordered was not going to arrive in time so they let us cancel our order and re-order a new one to our new address.  Not only a great product but a great company to work with!

	
  This is a great Multiport Adapter.  I constantly use 5 of its 7 slots.  very efficient and space-saving for me !

	
  Love this adaptor. It matches my laptop perfectly. It is sleek and gets the job done. Great purchase.

	
  Great USB-C hub that has all the connections.  Used it to connect additional USB-3 connections to run Oculus VR on a gaming laptop.  Had a Lenovo USB-C hub with fewer connections and it would error when connecting VR but this one works great.

	
  Disappointed when I realized my MacBook didn't have any ports to connect my iPhone. I am so glad I purchased the USB C Hub. It is easy to use, doesn't require for you to install software, and works like a charm. With plenty of ports it does it all, including 3 USB 3.0 ports, an HDMI and SD ports. I have been able to connect my iPhone and my wife's Samsung, as well as a HP 500G external hard drive.

	
  Good quality item, works fine. Purchased few months ago and haven,t had any issues  so far. I am kind of sure that  this is as good as more expensive ones. I keep it always connected. It would be perfect if it's connection to the laptop be a right angle male type C. I would be more ergonomic if you are keeping it always connected like me and carrying it. Just becaue of this I purchased a magnetic right angle adapter but it's magnet is not strong enough. How I wish this one had a right angle connection.

	
  Purchased for two customers and they love them. Compact, versatile, fast, quality. All there at a great price.

	
  Love this adapter.  With some laptops now only coming with the USB-C type port, this is a must-have to have in my computer bag.  Super slim with so many other port options makes this the perfect travel adapter that will meet all of my needs.

	
  Notice: I'm doing this for the $10 Amazon Gift card they offered.This is a great reader. I use it for work and it does its job great. I don't have a USB C Computer but When my clients do and we need the extra HDMI port, I pull this out of my bag and I 'save the day'.  On the 5 Star rating, it does deserve the 5 stars for the product, not just because of the "review reward"

	
  I honestly love this thing! I got it to use with my Ipad pro and I also use it for my phone. It's pretty fast and the build quality is very superb. Everyone always asks what it is and when I explain it they're in awe. I really recommend this little gadget.

	
  Has been working just fine, but I wish the cable was longer. It's what I knew about and I bought this, so gets a five star! Like that it is compact, have had minimal issues while using it in the past three months.

	
  This adapter has been extremely helpful for my everyday work/use. I have a MacBook which doesn’t have a USB port!  I can easily transfer files and pictures from my MacBook to USB drive, and also connect to my inkjet printer using this. The HDMI port works great as well when I connect my MacBook to my TV so I can kick back, relax, and watch my favorite shows after a long day! No complaints..

	
  Great quality and working pretty well. I have been using almost all the ports of the dongle yet no issues at any of them.Definitely, recommend to others.

	
  I bought another brand of Hub.can't be compatible with my laptop. Now I bought it and it works very well.

	
  Works great with my Dell laptop. Connects USB mouse and keyboard along with webcam for working from home.

	
  Bought this for my 2017 MacBook Pro and it works like a dream! Love all the functions especially the HDMI one. Hope they can also produce silver ones.

	
  This adapter was exactly what I was looking for since my laptop no longer came with USB ports. It has all the necessary USB/SD/HDMI slots I could need and I am able to seamlessly hook up my computer to my external monitor. I cannot go to work without this adapter and definitely recommend this to others who are in the market for an adapter.

	
  Excelente empaque, tamaño compacto, fácil de cargar, instrucciones claras y sencillas.

	
  I love how easy it is to have all the things I need in one USB-C hub! It’s really nice that you can plug in your SD card while having your hdmi and usb can charge my iPhone as well. This is what everyone who is starting out with the new MacBook Pros should be grabbing.

	
  I bought this for my new MacBook Pro and was really impressed. I had purchased a similar product from BestBuy for 3x as much and there was no difference besides the price. This is a great product for the price!

	
  So far this product is working great! Nice design, light weight and portable.

	
  Works like a charm!  No complaints or issues.  Worth the buy.

	
  Multiport adapter is a solid find. Works as expected and has enough adapters that I do not have to swap any out out, so nothing gets unplugged.

	
  The hub is awesome. works great with my MacBook Air and thoroughly satisfied.

	
  Product easy to use. The 3 USB ports are easy to access and use. Great little device that can be carried with my Microsoft Surface.

	
  We travel a lot and I am always taking pictures.  This is a great device that at the end of each day we can see all of our pictures on the IPad and select the ones we want to share with our kids.  It is simple to use the Micro SD and SD card slots to transfer pictures and files.  I LOVE it!!  My only recommendation is that it could be easier to use if the wire was not so rigid.

	
  Device worked exactly like it was described.Would recommenced to anyone who needs a hub.

	
  Exactly what I needed. Small, easy to carry for my presentations. Hope it will last without any issues.

	
  Easy to use, portable, very useful.  Been using for a few months and still working.

	
  I use this on my 14" Chrome laptop. It has only 1 USB port, which I use for my wireless mouse. This nicely multiplied my available ports.

	
  I LIKE THE QUALITY STLL WORKING WELL PRESENTLY

	
  Ordered came in time. So fast I did not even realized it came the next day. Quality is superb. Matter of fact used it often and not failed on me.

	
  This product has helped me so much.  It provides so many more options than the ports on my computer.  I highly recommend it.

	
  So far nothing to dislike. Unit works as advertised and fits my requirements.

	
  nothing

	
  It has got great build quality. And port selection.Very light.I have used it for like a month and can't comment on longevity.

	
  Have used it to read sd cards for game cameras and for screen mirroring phone to TV thrrough the hdmi port. Both work good. No complaints.

	
  The product look solid and of high quality and not cheap like other hubs at this price. It is very convenient for everyday use because  its small size allow you to take it everywhere with you. I highly recommend it!

	
  Love the product. I would have liked a vga adapter but most everything else is on there. Works well without troubles or installs.

	
  I think this product is better than other adapters. It has 3 USB ports and HD, SD card ports but it is not heavy!! so useful!! I highly recommend this product!

	
  As soon as I received the product, I tried every slot to make sure it works. I waited to write the review to make sure everything works after a couple of weeks for traveling and usage and it holds up great!

	
  The product is very compact and functional. Built materials are of high quality. Overall works fine for me.

	
  I use this product as my "docking station" to quickly plug in my keyboard, mouse and external monitor with just one plug instead of three.  It is a time saver!

	
  I use this to connect my Apple Macbook Air to all of my music devices, microphone and inputs. The quality of the materials and the connection are solid. This is a reliable USB-C Hub that has totally up-leveled my music production! Highly recommend!

	
  This little, nearly weightless attachment is exactly what I need and more

	
  I have been using this product for a few months and it seems to work great. It has all of the ports that I need when working from home. 5/5 would recommend it.

	
  Seems to be well made. I got it to read SD cards and it has worked great.

	
  Got this for a Christmas gift to use with my IPad Pro. Used it to download pictures from USB and to connect to Tv via HDMI cable. Works better than I expected.

	
  If you need a DEX device or just a USB hub get one, It works wonderfully.

	
  Great buy.  Works very well 😊

	
  Just what I needed an 1/4 of the price of other similar products. Thanks!

	
  Convenient, and arrived promptly

	
  Love this adapter and the value I get for the price. 10/10 recommend!!

	
  This has saved my life. When I changed to my new 2019 Mac Book Air I knew life would change from my typical USB life. This has made that transition easier. Solid build and fast working AMAZING

	
  I love this product! It's small and easy to carry around with me, and it has every port that I need for my computer. Definitely would recommend!

	
  a good and study product, small size, but would be much better if it can be even smaller. It missed a USB-C port which would be useful for someone with only one USB-C outlet from their device.

	
  This was exactly what I was looking for. I use it to free up the limited number of USB ports available on newer PCs, as well as read my SD card.

	
  This adapter is an excellent buy for the price.  I've had it for a few months now - it works great, and would absolutely recommend it to anyone.  Would 100% purchase again for myself, or as a gift to someone who needs one.

	
  so far so good, very convenient. Sleek design, not a fan of the new Macs without any ports but this helps a lot.

	
  I recently got my MacBook and I needed to use my older USB products, this was the perfect solution. Also, I give presentations and the HDMI output is perfect for connecting to tv's in conference rooms. Would def recommend!

	
  My laptop only had 2 USB ports and a type C port and this provides me with the ability to connect all my devices. I've also used both the full size and micro SD card ports and both work really well. I can't speak for the HDMI port because my laptop's type C port does not support it.

	
  Nice product. I’ve used it to connect USB devices and HDMI to play videos onto my TV. So far so good!

	
  I was so surprised by how lightweight and compact the adapter was! It also matches very well with my space gray macbook air (2019). I have been using it for quite awhile and have had no issues. The price is also reasonable!

	
  I recently purchased a MacBook Pro. I quickly discovered that I also needed to purchase new cables or adapters to use a mouse, printer, CD player, backup hard drive, etc. The USB Hub Multiport adapter allowed me to continue to use my old cables and adapters. The Multiport adapter works flawlessly and costs much less than having to buy new cables and adapters. I have one at home and another in my computer travel bag. The Multiport adapter did away with my aggravation when I was stymied from doing something, like backing up my computer, because I didn't have the right cable to connect the backup hard drive (or other devices) to my computer. The Multiport adapter is a must if you are purchasing a new Mac.

	
  Works great on both my MacBook Pro and Surface Latop. I use it mostly for the SD card slot, hdmi out, and external USB DVD drive.

	
  this product help me with my laptop that only has one usb c port and allow me to expand . great item

	
  This C-Hub was a life saver when my work made us upgrade our laptops to a new Mac-Book Air with the new plug. I can use ALL of my old devices to plug in with this one hub, and charge using other kinds of cords from it as well. It has held up well, and really made life so much easier. Saved me a bundle in not having to switch to new cords for everything as well! Highly recommend.

	
  This is great item that works exactly the way it should. Good for traveling and something to always have handy. Ended up buying 2

	
  The adaptor does exactly what its meant to. Size is great, I have taken it in a couple trips, very light as well. Happy with my purchase

	
  I purchased a laptop last year that only has USB-C connections on it and wanted to add more storage as well as HDMI output for a monitor/projector.  This little guy had a great price for how many ports it has on it while also having a small size.  It is slim and fits in the laptop bag easily without adding width or weight which is important if you are going to carry it with you during travels.  I almost bought two so I could leave one plugged in at my office and one at home....maybe down the road.  The memory card reader built in is GREAT for vacations when you need to clear your go-pro memory and dump the video onto a USB Flash drive also plugged into the hub.

	
  -Item seems sturdy-No problems with usage-Only complaint is that it's lacking an ethernet port, but can't have it all

	
  I bought this for my son who is in college. He has an Apple Macbook Air and it is compatible. He uses it to print most of the time and it works great

	
  My previous (and expensive at $100!) hub used up both USB c ports and rested up against the laptop side. Well, over time, about 6 months in, it got wobbly and would disconnect in the middle of a presentation I'm giving. I had to search for a new one and so happy that someone thought of the connection like this. It has more ports than I need, and it's slim, works great!

	
  Solid design and works flawlessly. I like that it matches my MacBook Air too. Thanks for making a great product at a great price!

	
  Love the product!!!  Everything you need is on one stick.  I can connect anything to my Mac.  I was a PC user for 27 years and decided to change to z Mac and am very happy.  Your adapter makes it perfect!!!

	
  This is an amazing quality hub for the price it comes for. The wire is thick to prevent chances of tear and it comes in a nice space gray color and is very durable. Had no problems thus far with the product and is able to effortlessly run 3 USB ports & HDMI all at once.

	
  We ordered this hub based on the reviews.  It performs just as advertised and allows us to be completely mobile with access to all of our important peripherals and accessories - WITHOUT INTERFERING WITH THE WIFI.  The connections feature micro-disc and regular SCAN-disc, multiple USB ports, and HDMI.  As a team shooting on location video, this is a big benefit to us.  The customer service has also been great and we'd definitely order again.

	
  Works great! Great adapter to get if you need one

	
  So far so good. I am using this hub for Bluetooth connection for mice and keyboards to my iPad

	
  While it says 7 in 1 adapter, it is important to note that it only has 6 ports. 3 USB ports which are indeed great, an SD/TF reading port, and 1 HDMI that supports 4K output. I thought there would be a 7th port, but I think they counted the USB-C connecter as the 7th. Overall experience, it matches my Space Grey MacBook perfectly, the quality of the material feels premium and not loose or flimsy, and it has a little light near the HDMI to let you know that it is connected and running once you attach it to your computer. For a 6 port adaptor, it is worth the $20 compared to other products that are selling the same amount of ports and even 1 less for $25 or more.

	
  Great hub

	
  Nice product. Highly recommended!!

	
  Works great, speedy interface makes transfers or accessing media quick! I purchased it so I could use my older media devices with my newer Macbook (which only has Thunderbolt/USB-C ports). Screen sharing works perfectly thru HDMI, USB drives work at top speed, SD and MiniSD cards transfer as fast as they are rated to with this adapter. It's light yet sturdy, nice brushed aluminum enclosure with an LED to let you know it's properly connected. I'm very pleased with it!

	
  I read the previous reviews and decided to get this hub for my wife's new Dell laptop since it had a USB-C connector and I was currently using 1 powered and one non powered hub to connect all her desktop accessories. With this hub and the USB 3.0 connectors on the laptop she no longer needs a powered hub (for the backup hard drive) and everything gets all the power it need. This also makes it much easier to travel both in number of devices/power bricks and weight. This USB-C hub is an excellent value and a quality product.

	
  Dope but I will need to return it since I bought only for my Chromebook which didn't work so I'm returning both.

	
  In this product description they lost the dimensions but for some reason I expected it to be larger than it is. It fits perfectly in my factory GoPro case zipper pocket which is nice so I don’t need to worry about misplacing it. The overall feel of the device is good like its constructed from high quality durable materials. So far it has worked perfectly for my micro SD card and for USB 3.0-Type-C conversion. If I have any future issues I will be sure to update this review but as of now I’d recommend strongly.

	
  Like I stated in the title of the review, I have a great experience with this. It is easy to use, portable, and all for a fairly cheap price. I bought this for my Macbook Pro 2019, which only has 4 C-ports. I like this design compared to the ones that plug in directly to the side of the laptop, as I have a case and that would not work. Also, some inputs are bulky, which could be a problem if my multiport sat right next to the laptop.I also am in ROTC, so I do quite a bit of tech work. This requires having a USB 3.0 and HDMI at all times, as well as some of the other things (which just help). I think I will find the Micro SD and SD card slot useful if I ever decide to purchase a camera to edit pictures on. Lastly, I love the silver design! It is great to feel and has a smooth finish.

	
  Muy bueno porque no ocupa espacio en mi cartera

	
  I love this product!  It is a must have for new MacBook Air computers which only come with 2 thunderbolt ports.  It works great with USB devices, SD memory cards, micro SD memory cards, etc.  Very pleased.  Easy to transport and to use.  Loads devices quickly.  Great price and seller!  Highly recommend.  Would buy again if I needed another one.

	
  I have acquired  a 2017 MacBook Pro which this particular model contains proprietary soundcard and no USB ports.  Although previous MacBook Pros have working soundcards with Linux built into the kernel, it was frustrating that this model's sound doesn't function.  Using this hub, I can boot a live session from a USB thumb drive (Manjaro Linux) and with an additional USB sound card have full functionality of the MacBook Pro running linux.  This allows me to make real use of the machine without having to spend cash on apps/subscriptions that I don't need or become entrained/trapped within Apple's revenue stream.  Everything I've tried works including the video port.Although the main use of the machine is running linux, I had booted back into MacOS and used this port to transfer files from an old seagate agent external USB drive without incident.  This hub has been plugged into the machine for two months with no errors or issues.  Works as intended, is small/light and easy to carry for portable setups.

	
  Easy to carry and working great, portable size allows us to carry easily.

	
  Perfect for my Apple Airbook, it works like a charm!!

	
  I am very happy with my purchase everything worked that I attached to it except for the portable cd player but not because of the hub didn't power it but because iPad pro does not allow it at this time.I can't tell if it would work on a mac computer because I don't have another device with a  c port.The down side is the stiffness of the cable that connects the item to the c port but I just leave it straight for I don't want to kink the wire it feels like it is well made.

	
  Ive been hunting for a good hub for far too long, but now I'm confident to say that finally Ive found the missing item in my setup. This hub is an absolute beast. You can't go wrong with it, you simply can't. Highly recommend.

	
  Very useful, everything I need

	
  I purchased the FlePow USB Hub Multiport Adapter Hub primarily for the ability to use the one USB-C port on my new PC in conjunction with many peripherals requiring the older USB-A port.I found this hub exceeded my expectations. It was immediately recognized and installed by my Windows 10 PC, it enables full USB-C pass-through functionality and speed and offers multiple additional ports for concurrent use by mouse and access to a USB flash drive and memory card.The small form factor makes it easy to store and carry with my other peripherals and accessories.

	
  I use a Mac Book and the Multiport adapter is a lifesaver! I can now use my thumb drive and backup files from other devices. Wonderful product!

	
  I am using this for my MacBook Pro 16". I like the design and size of USB C Hub. But, some printers, such as Canon MF4150, do not work with all usb 3.0 ports in the hub. It only works with the left port, not right and middle. It should be updated.

	
  I have been using this on my Macbook air as a mini docking station.  One USB-C into the laptop and I have the ability to show it on my larger monitor w/ wired keyboard and mouse. Overall very happy with it and considerably cheaper than the official $70 apple version that has less ports.

	
  This is a really good hub that met most of my needs, save one. Heat dissipation was excellent and all ports worked as expected.I'm returning mine, but the reason for that is on me, not the seller. I didn't read closely enough and the hub didn't meet my requirement of having a Thunderbolt PD port on the hub. I wanted this for home use so that I could keep all my peripherals (including power) plugged in with only 1 port to connect when I re-docked my laptop. If that isn't a requirement for you, this is an excellent device.

	
  Timely delivery works well & it's light with a nice design. Thank you!

	
  Didn’t do a speed test, but the product works well with my Mac mini

	
  Purchased this Adaptor after I bought a new Mac Book Pro. This little all in one piece of equipment is really  made well. I absulutley Love that I can throw in with my laptop. Allows me to pop in SD card, TF card HDMI, USB. This is one of those little tools that make life so much easer.

	
  Plenty of options for connecting ancillary devices in a small package at a good price.  The SD reader slots actually work without having to jiggle the card and hope it doesn't shift and lose connection (a problem with my previous dongle that drove me to order this adapter.)  Unlike the dual connector side-mount adapters, this one allows me to keep the cover on my MacBook Pro.One drawback is no lightning connection, but that isn't significant enough to keep it from receiving a 5-star rating.

	
  Bought this convenient adapter for my 16" Macbook pro since all the ports were USB-C on the Macbook. Product looks great and works well. Very happy with this purchase.

	
  Product works flawlessly.  I own a newer MacBook that only has the USB C ports.  I use this adapter primarily to access USB B drives that I have previously stored data on.  I definitely recommend this adapter.

	
  Ordered this for my new laptop which only has two USB ports, and it works great. Quality is good, and no issues with anything I plug into it so far.

	
  Likes.....great quality, sturdy and firm seat of devices into hub.  The speeds of transferring data and media was very fast.  I used the hub to stream a live event through the HDMI port and was very pleased at the compatibility  to the TV.  The number and variety of ports are great, although , my only marginal dislike, is I would have preferred to substitute one of the  3 USB 3.0 ports for a Type-C input.  Other than that only stellar opinions on this well priced Type-C Hub device.  The newer version did not include the HDMI port which I greatly desired to have in one hub.  Excellent job FlePow!

	
  Out of the box, does what it should. Sturdy connection at the usb c port site, and the build of the adaptor feels sturdy. I also like the fact its got the aluminum metal feel to it thats similar to the laptop.

	
  Nice build quality. Trouble free set up. I used it to transfer video from a memory stick to my MacBook Pro, and to download files from a micro SD card in my Akaso video camera. I’ve had it for a couple of weeks now and have seen no issues.

	
  I was looking at the price for the docking station for the Microsoft Surface Pro 7 and shock at how much it was.  I came across this product, looked at the reviews, and thought I would take a chance.  Wow, this does everything I need and works perfectly for a lot less money!  Very compact for traveling.  One small thing is I wish the cable was a bit longer so it could rest flat on the table when the table is in laptop mode, but no biggie with the short cord.  Very pleased with my purchase and I recommend this product!

	
  I'm very much happy with my new purchase USB C HUB adapter 7 in 1 portable space aluminum. The price is very reasonable and affordable. In addition, it doesn't heat up even for how long connected to my laptop.

	
  You can use it pretty much every day with no disconnections as it's so functional. Now I can connect almost everything to my MacBook that only supports USB-C. I mostly like it because it is absolutely fast when many things connected to it.

	
  I was initially going to order a different one with more ports for $80, then I thought to myself do I really need the extra ports? So I went to my office and counted how many I needed which were only 3 USB ports (Wireless Mouse, External Bose Speakers, and one for the Canon Printer). This was only $25 bucks, so I saved $55 by not getting the other one which had like 11 unnecessary ports.This one is also small and compact, so if you were traveling somewhere this wouldn't take up too much of your luggage space. It's also got a white LED light that indicates its functioning.Thanks for the quality product FlePow, I'm impressed and do recommend this to anyone!

	
  I've purchased a few adapters for my employees, and this one works as well as others that are twice the price. We mainly use it to connect Apple MacBook Pro to an HDMI monitor. It's nice to have so many ports.

	
  I have had this for six months and it works well and has stood up to rough handling by my grandkids.

	
  This adapter works perfect for my MacBook Air. Exactly what I needed plus great quality!

	
  I haven't had any issues using it. I keep it in my backpack so that I can use it whenever the occasion arises. Would recommend it especially for anyone with a laptop that has limited plug options.

	
  Product worked as described. No problems at all!

	
  This USB-C device is exactly what I wanted. It's not too heavy and is quite portable.

	
  I love having access to my accessories using this Hub.  Its worked consistently since receiving it and I'm very pleased with the product.

	
  edit: They reached out to me soon and offered a full refund, so I am changing my rating.The HDMI port failed to connect. Otherwise, the product works as intended and was easy to use.

	
  This hub worked great to allow me to run hdmi as well as 3 other usb inputs off of my single Type C port on my laptop. Works great and is pretty small.

	
  Really happy with this! The build quality is nicer than I was expecting and it's lightweight for it's metal body. It works great and I love it so far.

	
  This HUB works great!I am able to connect my external display, phone charger, and sd card to edit videos all at the same time! This device is AMAZING!!

	
  GREAT ALTERNATIVE FOR THE APPLE PRODUCTS. I used it for SD slot and USB ports and it works great for the fraction of the price you would pay for Apple!

	
  Work flawlessly with my 2019 MacBook Air

	
  I love this product.  So much so that I had to buy 2!!!It sleek looking and matches my Macbook pro very well.The HDMI output is perfect for what I needed it to do!

	
  Works as described. Good quality material. Does its job well.

	
  This is a great product and works very well with my MacBook Pro. It also has a nice metal casing that makes it feel very sturdy and like it's made with high quality materials.

	
  This product is seriously amazing. it’s light and works perfectly. it’s a cheap price and  definitely recommend for whoever has a macbook or a computer with a usb c.

	
  This has helped us tremendously at work.  We rent space to outside organizations for meetings, etc. and this tool has saved us from some rather dire circumstances.  Great Buy!

	
  Lightweight and has all the options for me to connect to all my devices for my Macbook.  In fact, I like it so much that I'd ordered another one for my kid's laptop.

	
  Flexible, reasonably priced, does what it's supposed to.

	
  This is a great product, I have used it for normal USBs and to upload pictures from my DSLR Camera. Overall it is a super great product for your new USB C computers!

	
  this was perfect, I can charge my phone and other devices. Great product for the money!3

	
  Very good product , all ports work as expected. No complaints whatsoever

	
  I like that it is compact.  At first I had to have it very near my computer to respond to my mouse but my son worked on something on my computer and now it works great all the time.  There was nothing wrong with the hub, just had to get my MacBook Air to talk to it more clearly.

	
  Exactly what I need. I use it all day every day for work - it's basically an extension of my Macbook. Great and affordable product.

	
  I really appreciate how many ports this hub has. It’s great for school and I’m often asked where I bought it.

	
  Even though it's a little bigger, it has the sd card slots and hdmi which is great. Good quality material, I don't see it breaking any time soon.

	
  This USB hub works perfectly with my XPS 13. It has a solid construction and a variety of ports that allow me to connect everything into this device. Recommended

	
  I have used this for the usb port and for the hdmi port, and it works perfectly. The quality is good, and it seems like it will last a long time!

	
  Fits snugly into the USB C port on my Mac. So far no issues with using USB flash drives. I like that there is an SD card slot as I have photos and videos that I will need to transfer from an SD card. I like this better than the adapters that takes up both USB C thunder ports on my Mac, because I didn’t think to get the Mac with 4 :/.I appreciate that it’s portable (slim) and comes with a microfiber bag. The only thing I wish it had was a USB C charging port, but since it only uses one port instead of 2, I have another one free to charge my computer.

	
  So far this does it's job how its supposed to! Great size for travel and I've already had 3 hard drives running from it at once and it hasn't struggled one bit. No regrets of the purchase.

	
  There is a connection problem with my old one (another brand). SO I bought a new one. The connection is good for now.I like the appearance.

	
  In our office, we have a USB type c hub, but this guy for less and a smaller size does the trick. Easy to swap between my work laptop and my personal laptop. Say goodbye to disconnecting everything haha just a simple plug and done. If you own a laptop stand would totally recommend a USB type c extender, it helps with cable management since this hub has a kinda short cable. Totally recommended

	
  As you can see I use all the USB ports to charge my devices without the 7-in-1 USB C Hub I would have to spend time connecting and reconnecting all my devices. The “HUB” is streamlined , fits in a small space, allows multiple activities to be happening at the same time and saves time. I love my “7-in-1 USB C HUB”

	
  The adapter has been great with of the ports it has and one of the most reasonably priced ones out their. Just finished my first semester of college and it works great still.

	
  This has been a really useful, well made, USB-C multi-use adaptor. I actually have several of these to compare in terms of quality of functionality, and I'll say this one works as well as any of them but has the most ports and different inputs with which it can be used. I'd give this one an A+.

	
  This works well, looks professional, and seems really solidly made.  Zero complaints.  The USB port on new computers is nice in many ways: small, fast you can charge up with it.  But guess what?  None of your devices work with it.  Now they all will.

	
  This is a good accessory that works perfect with apple devices and even with other that has the same USB c adapter. So buy it with confidence

	
  This does the job. Functions as a multi-function adapter. Light weight and well constructed. Will be easy to take traveling.

	
  EDIT: the seller reached out to me and offered a full refund and allowed me to keep the defective defective device. Customer service is awesome and willing to help with all issues/concerns! I'd definitely buy again knowing working with customer service is a breeze! ** There is a serious lag in the connection; I have to plug and unplug the device multiple times for it to pop up. I purchased this to connect my laptop to my TV and use my TV as a monitor and it works well for that but the connectivity is not great.

	
  I needed one of these for my new Mac, and it matched perfectly. Perfect size to keep in my case with my laptop. Also matches the color of my Mac really well!

	
  Very slim and convenient to use.

	
  I bought this as a work around for my daughter. She has a MacBook Pro. She is having a problem with her printer not able to send her documents she scans over her network to her computer. Her printer has an SD card that you can send the scans to. This little device works great for her - she can scan documents to the SD card and then plug the SD card into her computer. Works great. Seems to be well made. Cord is a little shorter than I would like but she is OK with it. Overall, glad I saw this and picked it up for her.

	
  Of many options on the market this one have everything i need for my new mac. The card reader & HDMI still is really important which the new mac doesn't have... it work great and sincronice perfect which is the critical thing with others brand i test

	
  Works perfectly, no more to say.

	
  One of the challenges of the design of the new Macbook air is that there is only 2 USB-C ports on this otherwise wonderful device.  Thus the need for some way to expand all of the power of the macbook.  I searched the options and settled on this for the price, the number and variety of ports and portability.The quality of the device has been excellent. Overall I'm very pleased with this product.

	
  Works as advertised and looks nice.

	
  Its a good product

	
  I bought this to replace a similar adapter. The first on had two usb-c prongs, so it blocked the two on the side of my computer. Eventually, that one broke. This one is WAY better, I wish I had bought it first! It has a little cord, and only plugs into one usb-c port. This means there's a lot less stress on the ports, and it is less likely to break. I use it about half and half for the hdmi input and the regular usb input. Both work well, I can upload bike rides from my old gps computer, and I can plug my computer into my tv super fast and easy to watch shows online. I'd recommend this product to anyone needing it for those uses.

	
  it works very well

	
  As you can see from the pictures, I connected the FlePow USB-C Hub to my Samsung Galaxy S8.  It is simply awesome!  The FlePow USB-C Hub works great with my phone, mini Bluetooth keyboard, memory card, and HDMI cable to the 4K TV.Pros:4K HDMI Output port3x USB 3.0 portsSleek aluminum casingElegant machine gray colorNo drivers needed to be installedCon:No Type-C charging portEven tho it doesn't have a Type-C charging port, I still enjoy the FlePow USB-C Hub!

	
  Excellent product.

	
  I bought this so that I could download pictures from our SLR to Ipad via card.  Also with all the different kind of hook ups that are always changing I needed something that would travel with us and not take up space.  This works good for what I wanted it for.Delivery was very fast.

	
  The product is excellent and functional

	
  Does what it says!

	
  great quality and the color even matches my laptop. it has all the ports i need.

	
  Good

	
  This was exactly what i was looking for. I do not experience any issues and the connection is always great!

	
  Good product. Recommend.

	
  Looks good. Feels sturdy and durable.

	
  The size is suitable, small and the price is great.

	
  It's a good product. No issues.

	
  great quality hub. works as intended.

	
  A fraction of the cost compared to the Apple store and works great so far in past few weeks.

	
  Love the product. Fast delivery

	
  Everything works great.

	
  Love this item!  Since my laptop doesn't have many USB-C or even an HDMI port.

	
  now able to add plenty of accessories

	
  item shipped quickly and works great. is small which was key for my interest. not bulky as an attachment !

	
  This product is great! It always works and is built very well. Great price! Would recommend.

	
  I use this everyday to connect my laptop to my 2nd monitor. It's compact and not that expensive. Good job!

	
  Brought this USB hub for my MacBook Pro. It’s been a week and tilldate, I did not have any problem.

	
  Has a protective metal exterior and long enough cable so that while plugged can hide behind laptop screen.

	
  Sleek professional look with multiple ports!! great product!!

	
  Worked like it was suppose to right out of the box

	
  Product delivered is good and functions as expected. Only issue i faced is I ordered for silver color as my mac was silver. They delivered space grey.

	
  I love the material and the slimmest design of the product totally worth it

	
  This is very easy to transport and always reliable

	
  My laptop (Dell) and my work laptop (mac) have cut allllll other inputs for USB C. This item has helped to address the fact that all of my hardware is still USB and the ability to connect to HDMI in a far cheaper way instead of replacing everything.

	
  It was exactly what I was looking for and a great accessory to my iPad Pro.

	
  Super easy and practical! It doesn’t stuck at all!

	
  I needed this because I bought a new MacBook pro with touchbar and I needed something to attach all my stuff as the MacBook pro only comes with USB C connections.  It works well so far.  I'm happy with it.

	
  Other than 3 USB port it has HDMI & SD port, which are exactly what I need.

	
  Awesome product! Has everything I need all in one.

	
  So far so good. this hub has worked great for me and does exactly what I need it to do. Ive had no issues connecting multiple devices into the hub and love how portable it is. I also love how the color matches my space grey macbook pro. I know there are a ton of hubs out there and I can't speak to them but I think this one is great.

	
  Works great for my needs. I like the multiple ports available on one device

	
  Good if you only have 1 usb, add more capacity

	
  I bought this adapter for my Mac after I tried another, smaller one that didn't work. This adapter is great. It has different ports so I can connect my laptop to my monitor while using two other USBs at the same time. The metal feels nice and it's a good size overall.I am receiving a gift card for this review but I genuinely enjoy the product and would recommend it to people looking for a multipurpose adapter.

	
  It’s a light weight object, really portable, fits well and works perfectly.

	
  This was purchased to used on our Microsoft Surface Pro and it has really helped by giving up more port options. We take it with us when we travel so we never miss out on anything we need to get done. Highly recommend.

	
  Took it out of the box, plugged it into my tablet and it has worked flawlessly ever since.Study design and multiple ports give you just about all you need as far as connectivity.I use it mainly for HDMI connectivity from my tablet to my HD TV and the video is as good as it can be.There is no stutter or lag in the picture or sound.It would be nice if it had a usb charging port but otherwise it has all you might need.I would recommend this to others and would buy it again.

	
  This has been a lifesaver with the new Macbook pro! I can now connect anything to my laptop.

	
  quality usb c hub that works perfectly. received it fast. looks nice and feels like a well built product.

	
  An objective review:I purchased this for my Mac incase I need to hook up an HDMi cable to my Mac, or charge anything from my Mac. It is a small device I just carry around in my backpack incase I need it. It seems to work well. I have only needed to use it for a few random occasions and it has worked well each time. I've had it for about 5 months or so. I am unsure of its longevity so we shall see over time how it continues to function. For the price of ~$20, it is a much better deal compared to most options.

	
  This product was surprisingly higher quality than I expected.

	
  I used this adapter to use USB only hardware on my Macbook Pro. It works great and hasn't failed me once.

	
  I love this product, it is durable and super portable. I have traveled to Ireland with it from the USA to tape podcast episodes and it was perfect. My co-host has one too. It is not too expensive either. I give it 5 stars.

	
  Worked great better then expected

	
  ProsVery wel made. Feel sturdy.Fast speeds while transferring files.Very smallDoesn't overheat.ConsNone so far.

	
  I have a 2018 macbook air that doesn't have the USB ports on it so this adapter was a lifesaver. I can have more than one thing plugged into it and still charge my laptop. I also love this adapter cause I have a kind of older camera and when I want to get videos or pictures off of the memory card I can simply just plug my memory card into the adapter since my laptop doesn't have software I can download for an easy plug in and download. in the end this is a great 25 well spent. I highly recommend.

	
  Product was shipped on time. Product functions as it should.

	
  Works well, opens up space on my imas

	
  Overall the hub is fantastic. It a solid body made from aluminium. It attaches easy to the port , and functions so far with everything I have attempted. The one thing that would be great is a bracket so it could be attached to the side of my Pixelbook rather than laying on a table or beside the computer. I think that would be really handy. Overall this is a great buy!

	
  I use this for my macbook pro and it is amazing.

	
  This is exactly what I needed. I have the Lenovo Yoga Book C930 which only comes with two usb-c ports. It's a great little laptop but it's just that - little. I can use the hdmi port to connect to an external display and I use the usb ports for mouse, keyboard, and either phone or headphones. The build and material quality of the adapter is superb and reminiscent of a Macbook. I have had for 6 months and have experienced no issues at all. I would definitely recommend this to fellow fellow Yoga Book and Macbook users.

	
  This is a great product.  Priced right and now I can run all of my external products directly to my MacBook.  It is well made and makes everything to easy. This is the second one that we have.

	
  With new IpadOS this a must item to have. Excellent.

	
  Used this to attach a secondary monitor to my Laptop. Just plugged it in without any problems. Only surprise I had was finding that this thing was actually called a dongle. I thought dongle was just a made up word before I got this product. If I ever need another dongle again I'll get another one of these.

	
  Portability with these features is excellent.

	
  Works great. Just as described.

	
  grey color offers the cool look

	
  Works well.  Delivered quickly.

	
  Great product! Works very well!

	
  Works as expected

	
  I like the way it works

	
  1

	
  Everything I need since my mac only has 2 usb c ports. Highly Recommend!

	
  I use this for my apple and work’s very good

work for me	Great product ..Highly recommended
Amazing product	Great hub! Really compact and perfect for my home office!
Multi functional	Surprised by how well this works. I wanted this as a Samsung dex cable replacement and it does that flawlessly. I plugged my note 10 plus in to this and the monitor and instantly was able to use my phone like a computer, no setup required. I also tried this on a MacBook air for monitor extension and it worked perfectly. It displays a quality picture and the sound is controlled through my phone. I will be buying another so I can keep one with me for travel use.
Works great!!	I searched around for a long time to find the best usb c hub and I wish I would have purchased this sooner! I love everything about this hub. The design is very minimalist which I love and the ports are very well organized so I find that you can connect multiple things at once with ease. It matches my space gray MacBook perfectly! I'm so glad I made this purchase. :)
Phenomenal HUB	No surprises with the product. All ports work as advertised. It's a fantastic value.
Works well	I like a lot this hub! Works perfectly with Macbook, so far so good. It’s small and portable. It matches my space gray laptop so well. It does not feel cheap. Great!
High quality and fits perfectly on my desk	This hub is nice and light for the rare times when I need to connect more devices to my laptop than available ports. The SD card reader appears to work fine as well for my camera's SD card. The aluminum casing feels nice in hand and better than a plastic shell.
Great Convertor	Opening my new VAVA USB C Hub was quite the experience! It comes beautifully packaged (you can tell that a lot of thought was put into it). I was surprised by how light the hub was and impressed by the craftsmanship.  There doesn't seem to be a lag when using the hub which I appreciate. The charging port works well too.My only suggestion would be the switch which side the USB A inputs are because I'd like to place the hub next to my laptop but because the attached cable is so long I have a few options of where I can put it.
Easy to use and gets the job done	It works great with my MacBook. I use it as a USB adapter and a card reader. It also has a hdmi adapter so that I can connect my laptop to another screen. It is small and light but it is very powerful. Every time I go out with my laptop, I will definitely take this hub with me. It won’t add any weight to my bag.
USB-C HUB	This product is great! I love that it is so small and you can connect all your devices. It works great for my Macbook Pro 2020 and it runs smooth! and the best part is that it has warranty that can be extended up to 30 months!!
warranty	It’s a good product. It feels like it’s well built and sleek which is what I needed.
It Works	Very portable and useful device, and it matches with the color of my iPad.
Exactly What I needed	I have several USB 3 devices and just upgraded to the 2020 MacBook Air. I needed a way to continue to use the devices on the new machine.This hub worked perfectly with a wide variety of devices without issue.
Time saver	So far it works well with my 2.4 Ghz keyboard and mouse by logitech (unlike QGeeM Hub). Better than buying a new keyboard and mouse. Will update if performance changes.
Great office addition	Item was shipped quickly, and is able to be delivered tomorrow. A good price and a great idea!
Excellent	I love that it has so many ports at one really low price. It is very fast and does the job very wel, would highly recommend!
Very useful, small and durable USB hub for my Microsoft Surface Laptop 3	I was looking for a hub that worked with my Samsung Galaxy S8 and could be used a dock for my USB-C laptop. Naturally I wanted it to be small and portable when using with the phone. This model checks everything in the wishlist. It seems to be one of the most compact hubs available (compared to the ones on Amazon) that provide 3 USB ports, 1 HDMI, SD card, microSD card reader and Power Delivery.It supports devices plugged-in in all ports at the same time. I haven't had the chance to test with external hard drive, but I would not be surprised if it is necessary to connect the power delivery input when using multiple high power USB devices. Also it does triggers Samsung Dex in my Galaxy S8, so I believe it should work all the later devices with Dex.
Very High Quality!	The adapter was solidly constructed and had a nice matte satin finish. USB ports have decent speed (I tested by transferring data between 2 external hard drives and the speed I got was comparable with what my laptop's own ports gave me), and the micro SD readers worked without a glitch. HDMI port worked too. Would highly recommend.
A must have to complement your laptop	Bought multiple devices to hook up to my Mac Book but this one provides me everything I need in one compact package. It is small and compact but big enough to feel like I am not going to break off the connections in the computer if some one hits or bumps me. It is excellent for travel. I currently purchased a second one to use in my office as a docking station.
So far, so great	I thought it would have a somewhat cheap feel to it, but it feels great and sturdy! So far, I have not had any trouble with this item. I have regularly used all the ports daily and they have all worked flawlessly. Would easily recommend this to anyone looking for a great Quality USB-C Hub for a MAC or any USB-C centered electronic.
Works well!	It's lightweight, very portable, and it fits in my 13" computer case with my computer charging cord.It is big enough to make it very useful and small enough to make it very portable.
Definitely worth it!	 I need multiple options. This USB -C hub has it all. I can connect my NOTE 10+ 5G to a seprate screen for Samsung Dex. I can also add a usb mouse, usb keyboard and a usb drive and use my phone just like a computer.I have a few usb-c to hdmi adapters, but again, this one that includes the usb connections AND I can charge my phone at the same time. This is a win, win.Did I mention this is a VAVA Product? They make some great products
work for me	Great Product for my Chromebook!
Best hub for your buck!	I bought this product for my Fiance and he absolutely loves it! I highly recommend!
Working as advertised	I just ordered it go with my XP’s which had a measly one connector. The color matches, tried using all the ports, working excellently. Highly recommend. Not bulky. Fitted into my Laptop sleeve perfectly. Would be great for travel whenever it resumes
work for me	Awesome! What I wanted plus!
Never need another hub again	This item has been SAVING my daily activities is extremely useful, first even having around 5 devices plugin at the same time the performance remains PERFECT, I strongly recommend this for anyone that is looking for get a USB C hub.PS... is pretty compact and high quality material, the only thing is if you are trying to charge you MacBook Air with the 30W Charger won’t gonna charge it, because for the hub send the energy needs a Adapter over 40W, so try to use the another port for charger your MBA or just get an adapter over 45W.
Great office addition	I love this product! It is the perfect thing for my MacBook Air. I have been needing one of these for so long and when I got it, needless to say it was life changing. Bravo!
Slim multi-purpose adapter for your MacBook Air	Small so great for traveling. Good quality. As described!
Does exactly what I needed	This product is exactly what I was looking for, a fairly inexpensive USB-C dock that had three USB 3.0 ports and an HDMI port. The PD port and the sd card reader slots were added bonuses. It is slim and has a good feel in the hand, similar to some of Apple's products. I haven't found a flaw that has inhibited my workflow. I have also tried gaming over the HDMI connection at 1080p 60 Hz, and it worked great.
Very High Quality!	I do not have a smart TV but I do have a new laptop and wanted to transfer some videos for my family to see on the TV. The adapter works well with my laptop and the HDMI port to connect to my TV. It arrived promptly and was packaged well for shipment. My husband and I used it last evening to view video from my laptop and were well pleased. It is just what we needed!
Cheap USB C Hub Solution for Macs	I primarily purchased this to add a second HDMI monitor to my work laptop so I can use 2 27inch monitors along side the 14 inch screen. This hub supports pass through charging so now I can simply connect hdmi cable and PD charging cable to the hub before connecting the hub to laptop. No lag or response issue when moving windows around.Added bonus which i came across was if you have a Samsung Dex supported device simply connecting it to this hub makes your phone into an android desktop so it can be used on a 27 inch screen. Hub also allows use of wireless keyboard/mouse dongle to be connected and used.Overall would recommend this light, small and solid built USB-C HUB
Does what it's supposed to do	I really like the design, light an sleek. Bonus warranty is great when it comes to electronics and accessories. Used it as soon as I could. Works great and matches space grey Mac.
Powerful Device and Definitely worth the price!!	Due to the Pandemic situation, most of us are working from home, and during these times having flawless and uninterrupted connection is a must. Was looking for the best usb-c hub in the market. In this case, you will need a hub that can do most, and well, for a low price. That's why, I decided on giving this a shot.This USB-C hub is perfect for me, the product finish looks premium and all the features are nice, it fits my macbook case and its color matches my macbook pro, which is a plus.I chose the one with the cable because the one that sits flush with the computer does not work with a case on the computer, so keep that in mind. I would go with the cable one for the main reason that in the future you might opt on buying a protective case for the computer, and that will render the dongle unusable. I have read a lot of reviews on different products where they had overheating problems and connectivity issues, so far I haven't experienced any of those.Overall, for the price point and build quality, I highly recommend this products to anyone who is in the market looking for a USB-c hub. Don't think twice, go ahead and buy this one, you wont be disappointed.
Time saver	I heard about this product from a friend of mine and decided to order it. It has been a huge time saver! I'm a full time college student and a Search and Rescue member and between files, photos and videos, I've been needing multiple ports. Great product!!
Easy to use and gets the job done	I have a ton of ports, this is the best one that I've purchased. It is light weight and easy to use. The compatibility and versatility is incredible. Now I can throw the others away.
Very High Quality!	I really like the size of this adaptor, as it's small but still has a lot of ports. It does get warm (as noted on the product), so you have to be careful where you put it. Overall happy with the product especially at a time of work from home.
Phenomenal HUB	I needed this for my home office due to Covid-19.  This has worked out perfectly!!
Does what is supposed to	This item fits my Macbook Pro. I used it for over one week, it works well. The metal texture is very good. The weight is light, so you can carry to everywhere.
USB-C HUB	Very compact, light, useful and well-built product. The metal finish feels really nice and high quality. The ports it offers are exactly what I will be using and need. If you don't need an Ethernet port on your hub, look no further. This is one of the best.
Best USB C	The hub is compact and can be taken along in  a folio along with the MacBook and works as advertised.
Easy to use and gets the job done	This is exactly what I was hoping for when I ordered it. I travel alot for work and have a lot of different things saved on different hard drives. This device makes it super easy to have multiple things connected at once and doesn't slow my computer down at all. It fits easily in my purse and is light weight. Perfect for traveling and multiple use!
Works well	I purchased this USB-C adapter for use with my HP Spectre-series laptop.  Charging the laptop works well, and the HDMI display and logitech USB dongle for keyboard and mouse worked right away.  I would recommend this product.
Powerful Device and Definitely worth the price!!	Bought a MacBook Air because my wife fell in love with it after using her sister-in-law's for a few hours. I prefer PC as I have always used them at home and work. The one thing that bothered me the most about the MacBook was the fact that it only has the two USB-C ports. The only device that I own that has a USB-C connection is the charger that came with the MacBook! Wasn't very convinced about the purchase but, hey...Was looking for an Apple dongle to be able to use my flash drives and external hard drive when I came across this device. Read the reviews and decided to give it a try. Made me stop regretting that fact that I bought the MacBook. Although it requires the use of an additional item, and carrying an additional item in my bag , this solves that issue for me 100%.The quality of the HUB seems very durable, only time will tell. Would have really liked it if it came with a small fabric pouch for storage, although I knew it didn't come with one when I purchased it so, hey.Would really recommend this product.
GREAT Product!!	Devices connected work great. So far so good on my laptop 👍 . Helps me cut down on wire clutter with limited laptop setup!UPDATE 5-28-20 - the sd card slot I didn't try, it doesn't work I just tried it. down two stars for having that not work
Works as designed!	Main body and plug is made of metal - feels well-machined, no rough edges, smooth to the touch. Overall surprised by the quality.Don't waste your money on more expensive hubs - this is all you need!
Does its job!	It’s about as compact as it can be and still have all the ports it does. It is a nice aluminum color that matches my MacBook Air.This is nice design, small and lightweight so it travels nicely. It is exactly what I wanted at a great price point. No regrets!
Lightweight, small	I was surprised when I saw and touched it the first time since it’s very lightweight and small. Very good for travel!!!!
Multi functional	Made of very good sturdy material this is the best hub you will ever need.I am using it on my iPad pro. Now I can say that with a keyboard and this port it is a complete replacement for a computer.It works flawlessly.Highly recommend.
Good quality	thankfully this product works exactly as advertised and has caused me no issues in my first month of owning it. will update after 6 months have passed.
Best hub for your buck!	Conpact but powerful, also the price is very reasonable, I am very satisfied with it.
The NYTimes Wirecutter recommended it as a best buy and they weren't lying.	Product quality;The mass is all right, stable, fast.The reading speed is much faster than 2.0, the design is simple and elegant, the packaging is perfect
Powerful Device and Definitely worth the price!!	I bought this to replace a $20 USB-C hub I got on Amazon as soon as the inside popped open and monitor connection was quite finicky for such a new hub. I did not want to pay $70 for a lightweight and durable hub. After reading the reviews and using it for a few days, I can say the connection with full HD monitor has been 10/10 and I can connect both an external hard drive and an SD card to it at the same time as the monitor and the monitor won't shut itself off like the previous one did. Also the packaging is way higher quality and with many more instructions and details about the product than the other one I got (it came in a box with no little paper saying specs or anything). This will get the job done for me!
High Quality USB Hub for new MacBook Pro	Great product. Works great and very good to travel
cheap and enough ports	This hub has enough ports for anyone with a laptop. I especially like the 100W USB-C PD port. Most other similar products only have 60W or 75W. This can even power my 15" Dell Latitude laptop. I can also use this on my LG cell phone to connect the card reader or usb device or output video signal. One thing I wish it could be improved is the HDMI port. It can only support resolution up to 1080P.
Great USB-C Hub	Great product. Lightweight and doesn't take up much desk space.
Works well!	Love the quality of this, feels sturdy in my hand. The charging works well, and the fact that it has a wire from the hub to the computer allows it to be put in various positions. This is a really good product!
Works as advertised!	Bought for MacBook Pro, all ports are in working conditions. Great value.
Does its job!	I searched for a while online to find the best adapter that had both quality and price and I found it with this VAVA USB C Hub product.  Some other online products were cheaply made and others had much higher prices.  The VAVA has both.  It came nicely packaged and the product works like a dream.  Enjoy!
Very good	Excelente usb c hug.
Perfect for Mac!	This product is perfect for Mac computer compatibility - I have dual monitors and this connection assists me with adding my MacBook into the mix. Highly recommend! This product is great if you’re a photographer has it has the SD card adapter.
Works like a Charm	This device is a lifesaver! I started a new job last week and my new laptop only has one USB port. To charge my phone and other devices I was constantly having to unplug the USB receiver/plug for my wireless mouse. This fits in to the C-port and gives me multiple standard USB ports for other devices. It’s super slim and all fits in my backpack.
Satisfied customer	Very useful item. I can use easily.
Surprising quality	I needed something that I could use as a dock in my shop. I walk in, connect one cable and my laptop has access to all of the things that I use. Printer, scanner, Keyboard and mouse, big screen display. It all just works.
Best USB-C Port on the Market!	This arrived earlier than I thought and I'm impressed. I have a Space Gray Macbook Pro and needed to hook up to a monitor (HDMI) and have other options.. I haven't used the card reader but I have used the USB, I can charge seamlessly while still hooking up the other stuff. Considering the price I paid, it was a great value and comparable to the more expensive "docking stations". If you're on the fence and you can get this thing for a good price, I would definitely recommend. [Note: I have only had it for 3 days so I can't speak to the longevity.]
Multi-Functional Adapter	I have a small work issued laptop, the display size was a disaster for me, specially while working for more than 4-5 hours straight. This hub was a life saver for me since now I can connect my home monitor to the laptop with out any problem, it also provide USB connections for my keyboard and mouse, which helped me a lot with this working from home situation, Love it so far and would definitely recommend it to a friend
USB-C HUB	I bought this mainly to be able to use my micro sd cards on my macbook pro. It works perfectly, just as expected. The build quality is very good and it is the perfect size to fit in my laptop bag and lug around everywhere. Highly recommend!
Multi functional	I ordered this for my MacBook Pro since it doesn’t allow me to connect my phone. Now with this,I’m able to charge it and sync my things! very handy for the newer MacBook models (not sure if they all don’t come with a USB port, my last model was a 2011 so yeah haha). Very portable to bring along with you whether you’re traveling, a long car ride, or simply at home and wanting your phone next to you charging.
Easy to use and gets the job done	Wanted a simple dongle for my Google Pixelbook to use a second display. This fits the bill and more. I don't need ethernet, otherwise I would have purchased the 9-in-1. This is everything I need in an attractive package. Easy to transport. Would recommend.
Mouse Receiver Doesn't Work	Works exactly as needed and advertised. Thank you!
Excellent	please +wish listI have bought 3 times.It turns out it's really useful.Very functional.
Tiny, but great!	I've had a fair share of USB hubs in my day, but so far, nothing has had the combination of compact design, and great build quality and functionality as this Vava one.I wanted to save a few bucks so I ordered this one which was not brand name. I thought it may have some setbacks, like cheaper parts, overheating, etc. However, this performs as well, if not better, than the OEM apple ones. I have one that I had purchased for my wife and I tried them both at the same time, HDMI out, charging the laptops, and using a USB device. This ran JUST AS COOL as the apple one, and even better IT HAS MORE PORTS!Less money, same quality, and more ports? I'LL TAKE IT!My favorite is that it has Micro SD and Regular SD ports so I don't have to keep using an adapter for my Micro SD cards, (a lot of hubs only have one or the other). Finally IT WORKS WITH MY IPAD PRO!!!! Awesome product, it's going everywhere with me cause it works with all my products!
Very useful, small and durable USB hub for my Microsoft Surface Laptop 3	I am working from home and need a USB C hub to connect a number of items to.  I have put together a work station, 2nd monitor, ergo keyboard, printer, etc.  This hub let me connect everything and enable to swap out my laptop with my work laptop.  It is a solidly built hub.  Lots of space for what I plug in.  I need the SD card reader as I transfer a lot of photos.  Light weight and small.  Excellent price and a worth while purchase.
Great!	Connect all your cables and power supply to one USB-C connector.Simple and automatic.The screen was previously plugged into the laptop and when through the adapter, there is a slight misalignment.This can be corrected by recalibrating the screen.
Very happy with it so far	This ITEM is very compact and usefull. My laptop only has 3 USB C port very usefull.
Multi-Functional Adapter	Like many, I bought this as a cheap alternative to a full dock, to allow me to work effectively from home. Taking one USB-C socket and giving 3 USB 3.0, HDMI + cardreaders allows me to connect a wired keyboard, mouse, and Headset and plug into an external monitor.The pass-through power means just one plug to unplug to disconnect my latop. Works straight out of the box. Seems high quality. Only thing lacking is a Ethernet - this would add size and weight - and is available on other VAVA products.Highly recommended
Great USB type C Hub	I needed a USB type c hub for my computer because I have many USB drives and this hub is amazing. Plus I can use it as an adapter for my monitors HDMI cable. Feels really good in hand, this does not feel cheap like other items that I have used before. I would buy again and refer to a friend!!
Works well!	This product exceeded our expectations. Love how compact it is and also includes so many connection options. It also matches the color of our MacBook!
Small, inexpensive yet mighty!	Great product, highly recommend!!!
Does what it's supposed to do	A wonderful product that does exactly what it says it does.
Does exactly what I needed	Very portable USB-C hub. It is very handy for projecting it to a display using the laptop. Anyone with a USB-C laptop should have this for the use.
Very happy with it so far	This is a great adapter. It's a good looking product and the build quality feels solid. I've had no issues connecting multiple devices with this adapter. Highly recommend!
Easy to use and gets the job done	This is a great device! Compact and easily transportable. Easy to use and is a lot quicker than my last USB hub! Highly recommend this product!
Works like a Charm	I got this to use with my PineBook Pro laptop.  I was a little worried that it wouldn't work but it works great. I plugged it into my pinebook pro, connected my external monitor to it via USB and used the USB-C input power port: the display was instantly recognized by my laptop and the computer continued to get power through the USB-C port so it all works as expected with no setup or work on my side.
What's not to like?	This product is very useful.I have an HP chromebook which only come with one USB port. This helps with accessibility and convenience plus there’s the hdmi option to add an additional screen or just project the original screen... I am very happy with the product AND the price.
Definitely worth it!	I received the VAVA USB C 7-in-1 to use with my 2020 Mac Book and so far it works great.  It is compact in size and the cord is a good length for me to hide it behind my computer or to put it off to the side so it is out of my way.  It connects quickly and seems to be made of high quality materials.  I am especially happy with the thickness of the cord as it feels like it will last and not fray or break anytime soon. If my opinion changes in the negative at all I will update this review with those experiences.
Small and easy to use	Small, lightweight, exactly what I needed!
Amazing	My daughter's Macbook Pro has a nice slim profile, but lacks a lot of ports.  This dongle is an essential add-on.  Works great, and looks good, too - like it belongs with the Mac. Plug and play.
Exactly as described - No issues	I have been using it for more than ten days, and it brings a lot of convenience to my device, and it feels very good and rugged. This is different from the product I bought before and it is better to use and experience than my original product.
Multipurpose & Super Easy	I received my hub one week ago. I keep a Logitech wireless mouse receiver plugged into it. I have used it with two different android phones to copy photos to my Lenovo Ideapad Flex 14, it worked perfect and fast. I have plugged in a Wacom drawing tablet and it is working great also. I have not noticed any unusual behavior or speed difference with the devices I use it for.
Small and easy to use	its a great product.  Overall rating 5*
UNSTABLE HUB! MISLEADING PROMOTIONAL ADVERTISEMENT IN THE BOX!	I got this for a 2019 macbook pro purchased a month ago. The laptop will not boot up with this hub plugged in. You have to start up, then plug it in. It will work but a pain in the butt for my setup and it's also causing my mac to heat up and run the fans non stop which is not the case be when I do not use this hub. Invest in some thing worth while, not this
This is a great product	works right out of the box, I just connected to my ss phone with logitech wireless mouse thru usb receiver and it works perfectly. like plug and play.
Great office addition	Woww, Nice Product Original Quality , I like It Thanks
Great office addition	Overall, its very good simple to use and good quality. My only issue is the the HDMI output is kinda laggy and its slightly annoying.
Multi-Functional Adapter	This product will be a perfect choice for you if you use your macbook. I found this inexpensive solution that changed my life.This is very small (smaller than the size of a credit card) USB-C docking station (hub) that works great with laptops. You can connect three USB devices, LCD Screen (HDMI), SD card, microSD card, and charging port (USB-C).You do not have to install anything and it works perfectly after connecting to the laptop. The quality of the product is amazing comparing to the price. USB 3.0 ports are fast and reliable, HDMI output works great with my external screen, and finally, I do not have to use a separate SD card reader.If you do not have your USB-C hub yet, this one is really cool.
Excellent!!!	So beautiful and light, works fine with my macbook air 2020.
Cheap USB C Hub Solution for Macs	I own a MacBook pro and have limited ports to get around the daily needs. I have an apple USB C hub that only does HDMI & 1 USB. On daily basis I have to unplug the hub on and off to connect to other peripherals - USB security dongle, USB Bluetooth headset etc...I came across this on Amazon and it was discounted.Quality & Astatic - well built, aluminum enclosure with a thick cable with a USB C connector. Product came in a decent packaging. I like the design of the product, blends well with my MacBook Pro. Small enough to fit mu back pack.Functionality - I tested all the port, seems to work well, very happy with this as this was my biggest constrain previously. I did not perform the  speed test to validate USB 3.0 transfer speed.Over all, I am satisfied with this purchase, good quality, low price and has all the functionality that I need.
love	Compact design, easy to use and has all the features I need to create the best workflow experience for myself
Great purchase	Purchased this usb c hub for use with my Surface Book 2. Love the small form factor used to add 3 additional usb 3.0 ports. Highly recommend this product both for home office use or for travel use.
Working as advertised	So far this thing has worked perfectly for me. Required no setup or headaches, just plugged nano usb in for keyboard/mouse, my MacBook, external monitor, and external HD and had everything working in less than a couple of minutes. I haven't tried making it operate with every function in use yet, but based on the few I've had going, it gets slightly warm but not hot. Hoping that lasts a good while, given the price. 10/10 recommend!
Amazing	Great product, originally bought for my iPad and did not work, reason for 4 star, but my husband has a Surface for work and it works great! Great quality on the tv.
This is a great product	I really needed something like this for my laptop. Very useful when you have a lot of things to connect at the same time.
High Quality USB Hub for new MacBook Pro	This adapter works very well so far. I'm using it with my Macbook Pro and an external monitor and various peripherals. Very happy with the quality.
A must have to complement your laptop	This hub is durable and is worth every penny! Works perfectly with Mac and IPad.1. Plug and play: No need any installation.2. 3x USB ports3. PD charging: Charging through hub works well.4. HDMI: Works perfectly at 4K.5. SD and micro SD6. Nice metalic finish7. 12 months warranty
Very sleek design and multi purpose for file transfers	Bought this for my MAC. The model I chose has an hdmi port, few usb 3 ports and a memory card slot.Out of the box, I was surprised to see how slick the hub was! The hub has direct power pass through line which delivers~ 95% of MACs charging capabilities. The memory card reader is really fast. I was able to copy 70 gigs worth of data from a class 10 in very less time. HDMI port works as designed. No lags, signal losses. Overall this hub adds flexibility and at this price, this is a no brainer.
Good materials. Overall happy with this hub	It is great! light, low price, lots of connectors for monitor, charger, and USB.It shipped as much as earlier than I expected and the design is simple and nice.There are many other options for choosing USB-C hub for MacBook pro and vava is one of the best.I can tell why it is.
The NYTimes Wirecutter recommended it as a best buy and they weren't lying.	This is a powerful hub, very suitable for office use, very convenient to use, let us work very convenient, family and friends like it very much, recommend you to use it.
Great office addition	Performance and design are the best. VAVA brand is the best
Does everything as advertised. High quality heavy aluminum finish. Like it a lot.	Working from home due to the virus and this has allowed me to connect my Mac to a monitor for a dual screen option. Works like a charm and I have no reservations with recommending this product.
I love it.	This item is great I just got it and was able to use it on my MacBook and ipad. Make sure you plug you charger in if your going to use and ext monitor. This is very good for when I have to travel for work.
Good customer service	So now that most of us is working from home, this amazing gadget is making our life so much easier.I am working from home with Dell Laptop and I have on 2 USB Exits (I know - how can it be?!!). Anyway, this Hub is a game changer! so Excited for getting this. I connect a mouse, keyboard, printer, another monitor (HDMI). It's easy to connect (very user friendly). light weight.
High quality and fits perfectly on my desk	I purchased this Adapter Because of my friends has one . She told me it is very good .  It is not just only powerful. Multiple functions , it it so easy to carry around. My job need to work out a lot . Love it .
Compact, well made, easy to use	The hub works very well with my MacBook Pro 13". It is high quality, lightweight, and is very portable!*will update after prolonged use*
Does what is supposed to	This has all the features I need for at home use and travel. And it is a more lightweight than I thought. This was was more expensive than some of the others but I read the reviews and it seemed worthwhile to pay a bit more to get a sleeker design with more features.
Works like a Charm	As a designer, I needed a HDMI and SD card slots more than anything. So this works really well and looks great on my 15-in MacBook Pro. Despite the metal casing, it didn’t get any hotter than my laptop charger did during usage. It seems to have a slightly shorter cable than other brands which will make it less unwieldy. I have had no problems with my vava interfering with my WiFi.The 3 USB ports are USB 3.0 and have good transfer speeds. I use a bluetooth mouse from one of the parts and so far no issues. Vava is my go-to when I'm running to meetings and traveling. The unboxing experience is top notch. It has a similar unboxing experience to an Apple product, so it is packaged very well. Overall I’m extremely happy with it and I would highly recommend it.
Good materials. Overall happy with this hub	As a college student this USB-C Hub is an absolute must have. It is easy to use and makes not having any ports on my Mac Book Pro no problem at all. The ability to seamlessly switch between ports is really easy and makes using this product a breeze.
Very nice product!!!	Awesome! Get all my cables connected in this one adapter!
Does its job!	When shopping for a USB hub build quality is important.  I've only had this for a few days, but I am very pleased with how well this appears to have been made.  All of the ports are positioned well and work as expected. (I haven't tested the 4K capabilities)
Definitely worth it!	I needed something small and that had all the basic necessities which were mostly USB ports for my accessories & HDMI port for my screen. I didn't really need any of the SD card readers but those were all one side that I just don't use - I guess I'll have it if I ever need it. I love that the color matches my Macbook Pro finish perfectly. It's really portable, lightweight but feels like it's made with quality parts. I've only been using it for a week and so far no issues! Also, I really liked the packaging and glad the name printed on the top of the device isn't some weird, obnoxious knock-off name. Highly recommend!
Working as advertised	I use this product with photography, graphic art design, and researching for a book I am writing. My laptop only has thunderbolt ports, and I was given a hub for my birthday. The hub was lacking, but this VAVA Hub had all the USB ports I needed, SD card slot, and absolutely beautiful 4k resolution HDMI port. I would recommend this product to everyone!
It arrived in 2days!	Best thing when you have your laptop and work from home!It helps me so much
Powerful Device and Definitely worth the price!!	I needed a USB-C hub to along with my new laptop that has an aluminum body, and this one matches great!  I see lots of hubs that have Ethernet ports and other things I don't need, so I chose this one.  The cord is nice and sturdy.  The USB ports work at 3.0 speeds and the SD/Micro ports make good connection and work well.  After swimming through all the options on Amazon, I'm happy I picked this one.  Good price, and very happy with its performance.
work for me	Great Product, highly recommend!!!
warranty	I was changing my laptop those days and used QGeeM to transfer my files from my old to new laptop.
work for me	It is great for the macbook air
Exactly What I needed	The USB C hub is very well built, has a ton of connection options, looks very sleek and is light weight.  I was able to use it with my Macbook Pro and Dell XPS15.  What is great is being able to charge my mac while having external drives and a monitor plugged into the hub.  This USB C hub has everything and is a great value in terms of affordable and product features.
Lightweight & Portable	I purchased this multi adapter because I travel a lot and need the extra USB ports and HDMI because I have a Surface Pro X.  I plugged it in and 30 seconds later I had my second display up and running.  For the money, the value to me is exceptional.  As you can see, I have each of the USB's operating and functional as well as the HDMI for my monitor.Excellent product!
This is a great product	i bought this for my friend and he said it is easy to use and with perfect performance.his laptop do not have many usb so he need this
Amazing	this usbc connector is very good. it is compatable with both macbook and ipad. data transfer rate is very fast and it supports 4k hdmi. great product.
Does what is supposed to	Seems to work pretty well. One thing to note though the output power delivery seems to be 86W instead of 100W. This is probably something to do with using only 1 usb-c port since the Anker one does the same, so I'm not surprised. Works well.
USB-C HUB	I really like this hub, having the charging port makes this a game changer when you only have 2 usb c ports on cpu. Will buy another for my sister
Excellent	Nice little unit to have in you connection bag.  I was looking for a USB C hub - but this has a bonus with the added card readers.  VAVA does include a warning label for max output  and that when fully loaded unit could become warm, so nice they include that label for your review.  Supports Windows/Mac/Unix/Chromebook
Surprising quality	I just received the Vava UC017 USB-C hub today and it does what I need it to do. It seems solidly built. The hub is about four inches long and the cord is about six inches. It has 3 USB 3.0; HDMI; USB-C; SD; and microSD ports. I tested all but the SD ports.I purchased this because it was the upgraded model of top choice of The Wirecutter's Nov 19, 2019 USB-C Hub article. This is my first VAVA purchase and I hope it will give me years of service.
Sturdy, Lightweight, Metal Multi Adapter to View from varied input sources into your computer.	This 7 in 1 usb C Adapter is a sturdy lightweight aluminum. It is highly fictional to usb type c devices for purposes of incurring micro and cards to be displayed on your device. It can display items recorded on micro and, or function as a multi addition to other usb products to your laptop such as a usb hub for your phone, or to charge other devices. I recommend the VAVA USB Hub.
What's not to like?	Great and handy little item as most laptops are now going to the C-port. I use it for a wireless mouse and to charge my phone. Worked right out of the box, a quick plug and play. Highly recommended! Super fast shipping too, came a few days earlier than expected!
Excellent!!!	Turned my Macbook pro to a true pro! thank you
Impressed, Satisfied by VAVA Newest 7-in-1 Hub	Unlike another brand that I’ve tried, this power delivery hub provides a reliable connection to my USB hard drives and thumb drives. It’s nearly perfect for me as a desktop hub where I just want to mess with one connection to my laptop when docking or undocking and get connectivity to power, mice, display, and drives.  Another brand that I tried was constantly dropping connection to any sort of USB drive, producing the dreaded "you unplugged a drive without ejecting" warning and opening the door for filesystem corruption.The only time I’ve ever been able to get it to drop connection to my WD Passport drive is when I unplug the power brick while the mechanical drive is in the middle of operation. Doesn’t happen always, and doesn’t happen if all I have plugged into the USB3 ports are thumb drives. Never happens when plugging in the power brick. And I can always avoid pass-through power when I feel worried about reliability of the line supply. So not perfect, but getting close and I highly recommend this reasonably priced hub.
The NYTimes Wirecutter recommended it as a best buy and they weren't lying.	I love how versatile this product is!!! It works flawlessly and I have no complaints at all!!! This works better than Anker and any other dock adapters that I’ve used in the past!!!
Solid construction	I prefer this adapter over others because it is so small but functional. It doesn’t have the added charging adapter that many others have. That isn’t a bad thing, it keeps it compact. I have 3 other ports to charge with, I like that this doesn’t have any unnecessary additions.
Great Tablet Accessories	I quickly needed to set up a home office as my company transitioned to a WFH environment. Once I had laid out everything I needed on the table and inventoried the essentials (laptop, extra screen, 2 mobile phones, keyboard, mouse, and a number of flashdrives), I realized I needed something that would prevent me from creating a tangled mess. A quick search on Amazon led me to the VAVA hub - and it's perfect! Very sturdy, nice design, incredibly lightweight, and able to accommodate all the essentials and some peripherals. It discreetly sits next to my laptop and helps keep everything connected without looking a mess. The only feature I haven't used is the Smart Card reader, but great to know it's there if I need it. And what was really great is that you could use immediately after taking out of the box - plug and play. Super happy with this purchase!
Great USB type C Hub	I used this to add a 3rd screen to my laptop, and it works great!
Its is a great USB-C Hub	I got this to work from home and connect an external monitor for my laptop.  It works as expected and its very portable.  The plus on this hub is I can plug in a USB-C PD charger to this hub and all I have to do is plug the hub into my laptop and it charges my laptop.  It helps so I don't have to plug multiple things into my laptop (power cable, hdmi, mouse and keyboard), plug one thing into my laptop and I am done.
Very High Quality!	I bought this hub to connect peripherals to a Macbook, which has no ports other than a single USB-C port.  I've now got it connecting my Macbook with an external monitor via HDMI, and an external keyboard and mouse via USB.  The small output cable is well-reinforced and sturdy.  And the port is compact and lightweight, good for travel
Amazing	The usb-c hub connector is one of the best product from viva. The data transfer is fast and I can always use my usb port on my computer to connect to my other devices.
light weight, works great	Pretty sleek considering it provides 7 different ports as opposed to more bulky ones in the market that provide 4 ports.
Great purchase	I bought this for my new Macbook Pro and use it mainly for the HDMI portal. It works pretty well. I haven't tested other ports yet.The product is lighter and more portable than I thought, it's a good choice for office use.
Great!	I've had some bad USB-C ports in the past but it looks like I've found the right one. I always have had to keep buying USB-C hubs because they keep breaking. I kept buying the ones (from other brands) that are more compact that stick closer to the laptop (no cable) but those just aren't steady and keep breaking.With this dongle I don't have to worry about my laptop case getting in the way or it breaking off when attaching an HDMI cord. This hub is amazing and matches my MacBook pro nicely and has great functionality. It's cheap, looks great, and most importantly it works.  I'm very happy with my purchase.
Very nice product!!!	I bought a Chromebook with no HDMI or any other real outputs. This hub has worked perfectly and does everything I need it to do. If I ever needed a second for whatever reason, I would purchase again.
Impressed, Satisfied by VAVA Newest 7-in-1 Hub	 I have gotten and tried several C Hubs over the last couple of weeks and while this might not be the most versatile it is the smallest and has pretty much anything you would need in a normal traveling situation.  It keeps the size down by pretty much having every kind of slot people use on a daily basis and none of the "once every blue moon" slots that some have, which is nice if you need blue moon slots but since most of us just was a few extra USB slots and someplace to plug in a extra SD card, this will take care of all of that and do it really well plus you can drop it into your pocket easy enough it is so small.  Don't let the size fool you, the performance matched any other hub I have tried so this is a deal, take a look and if it fills your requirements this is a quality 5 Star product.
Surprising quality	I have been looking for a USB-C hub that is worth it for its price point. I’ve been struggling with switching through 2 USB-C to USB adapters ever since I bought my 2019 MacBook Pro and its lack of ports. I made sure to test each port for its functionality except for the SD/TF card reader because I don’t have a use for them yet, but I’m sure I will in the future. I definitely recommend this product.
Sturdy, Lightweight, Metal Multi Adapter to View from varied input sources into your computer.	I bought this really just to add some USB ports and a MicroSD/SD reader to my Thunderbolt 3 dock, but considering the size I'm almost certainly going to be swapping it with the USB-C hub I leave my bag. Well built with quality materials it feels great, port selection is fantastic for the modern era of nothing-but-Type-C-ports laptops, and it just works.
Very high quality product!!!!	I really appreciate this USB-C or thunderbolt adapter. I have had it now for about a week and I use it for work. I love it. I have a MacBook Air and this adapter looks very professional and looks like it was meant to go with my computer. I would recommend this adapter to anyone who is needing a USB-C adapter.
Very useful, small and durable USB hub for my Microsoft Surface Laptop 3	It's small and convenient and generally worked well except:1) It died after about 45 days. It was plugged into a Macbook Pro and started overheating, and now doesn't work at all2) Even when it did work, it wasn't passing through full USB-C power. My Macbook estimated 10 hours until fully charged and something like 25 or 30 watts from a 65-watt charger. (When I plugged the charger in directly it would report as expected.)
Perfect	Perfect, affordable option to expand connectivity.  Well-made, sleek design.  Pass through charging works flawlessly and USB 3 ports transfer fast.  Excellent choice over other more expensive models.
Phenomenal HUB	This product is sleek and plug and play. It offers a lot of options for the price!
Initial opening	Nice size and good spacing between ports.
Very useful, small and durable USB hub for my Microsoft Surface Laptop 3	This is not First USB TYPE-C HUB for me and to be honest and dont know how to put all my thoughts in this review. so ill just go with PROs and CONsPROS: The quality (i thought i paid more than 100 usd :D)  Small  Functional  Easy to use  And ofcourse the price.  Overall its 5 star in every category.BUT, CON:  When u create something with perfection, sometimes its scaryIm sorry if u think something odd, but srsly guys this product has no CON..Again thanks to the company of working hard to create this kind of products. From this now, im following you
Works great!!	This hub is lightweight, fairly priced, and has all the ports you will need for connecting it to secondary displays, using flash drives, charging other devices, and more—and it can fit cozily into any book bag or laptop case. Very lightweight and packable. Seems to be made of durable materials. Connects easily to the computer and to whatever you might plug into it.
Works great, compatible with numerous devices!	Just got this new USB C Hub for my new Macbook Pro 16 inch and everything has been working great!Love the sleek and thin design of the USB C Hub Case.
Very happy with it so far	Very good quality and really easy to use with all the necessary ports that I need. Worth the money and just works.
Works great	This is a very easy-to-use small office equipment. I like it very much. It can meet most of my office requirements at present. It is small and easy to carry. It is very worry-free. I like it very much.
Great!	I purchased this hub so that I was able to plug in my audio interface and midi keyboard through the USB ports and connect it to my Microsoft Go. Everything worked great. I had no lag on my guitar through the audio interface and no lag with the midi keyboard. The HDMI portion of the hub worked great. Overall it’s a great hub for the price. I will definitely purchase from Vava again.
Does its job!	Just wow. This has made my life even more productive. The Usb C hun is robust in quality It gets a little warm when all ports in use but mangeavle. Charging is also as good as using the charger directly. I use it with macbook1port mouse1port hdmi1port keyboard1port Charging.
Best USB C	This hub is smaller than I expected and is very well-made. It's sturdy and the ports all work as expected. I would definitely purchase it again!
Great USB-C Hub	Very efficient. Its so practical you can take anywhere and you'll be able to connect stuff on the go.
It arrived in 2days!	No complaints. Product does what it says.
awesome	Really love how small and compact this is helps me connect my microphone and projector to my surface pro x works just as advertised
Great USB-C Hub	It was very well packaged and it does everything I need it to do. Thanks!
Its is a great USB-C Hub	This adapter is compact and has a sleek profile. I purchased it due to its  portable size : It fits nicely into my laptop bag's small accessories compartment. It has been an indispensable item while I work from home. The file transfer speed is fast yet steady. This is a very big plus because I transfer large media files! Highly recommend to anyone looking for a reliable USB C Hub that is portable.
Perfect for MacBooks	Amazing little product!  A perfect match for any MacBook with USB-C ports!  Got mine and I love it!  I don’t know how I’ve lived this long without this product!  So happy!
cheap and enough ports	I have purchased new Macbook air last year and I liked everything but not having any USB port on it...and sometimes I wanted to use mouse instead of the track pad so I bought the VAVA USB C hub and it works great and it gives me more features such as HDMI, etc. I think it is good product for good price.
Works as designed!	Great form factor! HDMI functionality works really well. Keeping it in my bag for all my off site presentations.
Great office addition	Delivered on time. Works great on my MacBook Pro 13 2020.
Great Utility at a Great Price	Bought this to attach USB drives to access files on my iPad. I have been using it for a couple of days now and it works really well. It’s compact, comes with lots of ports (7 in total) and warning labels about the temperature it can reach if every port is fully used. So far I would recommend this product as compared to others especially at the price as compared to the other competitors. Keep up the good products, Vava!
Perfect match for my MacBook	This hub works great for HDMI output, SD and micro SD reading, and USB-A reading. I love it. It's a perfect accessory for my MacBook Pro and looks great next to the Space Gray MacBook. Everything you need and want. (and pretty cheap)
This solves the problem that there are only two USB ports in the notebook.	This solves the problem that there are only two USB ports in the notebook. Don't worry about not using enough anymore. It looks like there is a quality guarantee and the length of the cable is enough
as advertised - good value	Has just the right number and types of ports for my needs, and everything works well.
Perfect little device, but might want a wall charger with more wattage.	I have been using this since I got it, with multiple plug point it saves me more space but provide more USB ports, so far I have no problem with it, it works well, doesn’t get too hot, and light weighted, that’s what I needed.
Mouse Receiver Doesn't Work	Great Product, Highly Recommend..Definitely exceeded my expectations..
UNSTABLE HUB! MISLEADING PROMOTIONAL ADVERTISEMENT IN THE BOX!	I'm super happy with this. The old adapter I had only included 1 usb A spot.  I was constantly having to swap in and out the things I needed when I need to use a flash drive.  This one has 3 plus the HDMI port and the SD and MicroSD card reader.  I won't have to keep unplugging things now.  I haven't used all the ports at once, but I don't notice any issues with it overheating.  This  has made my work experience so much more efficient since I don't have to swap in and out flash drives on my old adapter.
Slim multi-purpose adapter for your MacBook Air	It's a good USB c hub under this price range. It has a great connectivity so far with my Lenovo yoga 3i. All of the ports work fine and also there is no lag in performance. It is so light in weight that it even goes in my pocket.
warranty	Just received this Usb-C hub today. Im Very happy.It is very compact and easy to carry..Build quality is top notch.👌👌
Great USB-C Hub	Good!  It has a charging port so I can charge my laptop at the same time.
Perfect	Bought this for my Microsoft Surface Pro X since it only has USB-C ports. VAVA USB-C Hub works great. Feels very well built, provides all the ports I need and easily stores in my laptop bag.
Good materials. Overall happy with this hub	I recently bought a MacBook and it was so frustrating to use it after so many years in windows. Simply wireless mouse wasn’t moving smoothly (jerking move). I plugged in this Vava usb hub and connected also my old noname usb hub together. So, my keyboard and mouse and monitor are all connected now. Mouse is working much better now. That is strange, but I like it works now. So far I tested all USB ports and HDMI and Power Delivery. Everything works good. My MacBook Air 2020 has two type C ports. Even though type C power delivery is functional I’m using separate charger. So, both ports would be used. In my scenario hub gets slightly warm and that’s it. Type c cable is made of thick and stiff material. And hub itself is made of aluminum. So, It looks like a high quality product.There was only one disadvantage with Amazon. I have no premium subscription and it took a while sending my item (shipped by Amazon). Taking into consideration that everyone is buying on Amazon I understand it and wasn’t mad about it.
I love it.	Overall product is good, used for my MacBook pro worked well connected HDMI,USB,mouse works well no issue
Works great, compatible with numerous devices!	Like the selection of ports, can charge the computer, use a usb port and connect to a monitor all at once.
This solves the problem that there are only two USB ports in the notebook.	Work great with my laptop for transfering photos and for playing movies on my tv.
Does what it should - Good buy	Bought this 7-in-1 USB-C hub for my new 2020 iPad Pro with Magic Keyboard. Since the iPad pro only has 1 USB-C port, something like this USB-C hub device is very important for productivity and more efficient work to be done on the iPad device and for other USB-C powered device. Everything I need is provided in this very sturdy and dependable device, from pass-thru power, card readers, USB3.0, HDMI for meeting presentations and screen extension. Very very satisfied with it and would recommend to everybody 100%.6 out of 5 stars for me.Thank you VAVA for very good product lines as always..
UNSTABLE HUB! MISLEADING PROMOTIONAL ADVERTISEMENT IN THE BOX!	Being a Macbook Pro End-User, i am often faced with difficulty for accessing physical devices like USB devices, or Memory Card Reader or connecting to an external Display device for my work activities. Amazon had many products to suffice my need and came across this product and based on the specs, it was looking promising and thought to try out.  Receive the product in time as promised by Amazon Prime Delivery .Talking about the product, coming out of the box , i find it very solid all metal body , premium finishing gives the impression of  fine tune of the product. Super easy to use out of box. No additional drivers or installation needed.I was able to read USB device and able to connect additional display device. Works fine without any issues so far and hope it works well going forward.
light weight, works great	Great product, compact, multiple ports and amazing quality overall.  Using the adapter for 2 months, no issues. Highly recommended.
Tiny, but great!	Recently got a Samsung Tab S6 so was looking for a good USB-C Hub for Dex mode that would allow charging, at least 2-3 USB-A ports, & a HDMI port as well. After a couple of misses trying other brands (one I didn't realize didn't have a HDMI port, another the PD charging port didn't work properly), I settled on trying out this VAVA hub. After a few days I can say it works perfectly. My biggest concern was whether the PD charging port would work correctly, however I've had no issues. I'm using a 30W PD charger & the hub works great with it.This hub is 100% compatible with the Tab S6 as well as the Galaxy S10+. I tested it with both devices & it works great with both. Its a plug in & go hub, it either immediately triggers Dex mode or a prompt on the devices asking if you want to activate Dex mode. (I've included pictures of both the Tab S6 & S10+ with the hub plugged into each one to show it works.)For the price you get a lot of ports in this hub as well which I appreciate. I'm able to have a mouse USB receiver, a HDMI cable, & my PD charging cable all plugged in with no issues at all. I appreciate the placement of the HDMI port as well. Its not crammed onto one of the sides in a cramped position, but instead on the other end of the hub. For ports there is also a regular SD card slot, as well as a microSD card slot along with 2 other USB-A ports. There is no ethernet port for this hub model in particular however, so keep that in mind if that's something you may want.Overall I would definitely recommend this USB-C Hub, especially for anyone looking for an afforadable hub for any Samsung Dex users!
What's not to like?	Fantastic little device that does what it claims to do. I have used it on both my Lenovo and Macbook and everything just works flawlessly. Would highly recommend.
Very happy with it so far	This is a really good all-in-one usb hub.Build quality is just superb. The compact design makes it great for travel.
Multi functional	This is a very affordable handy tool if you need to be mobile and have a variety of ports available.  I like how it offers to the TF and SD Card slots and feel it makes this product unique.  Lightweight, multiple ports and solid quality all-around. Recommended
USB 3.0 ports work good so far	All the ports work. I've only been using it for a week but I haven't had any issues. I'm running the HDMI port to an external screen and charging my phone in a USB and it is the best.
USB 3.0 ports work good so far	Bought this for my wife's MacBook Pro so that she could easily transfer photos from her DSLR camera SD card. Works flawlessly, and is extremely compact and lightweight, so it fits easily in her computer bag. Great product, highly recommended!
Easy to use and gets the job done	Works great, it's gonna be a good addition to my laptop bag.
Sturdy, Lightweight, Metal Multi Adapter to View from varied input sources into your computer.	I purchased this hub for my 2018 MacBook Pro to replace a hub that failed. It works beautifully, is very compact, and most important, runs very cool.  I often have multiple peripherals plugged in and it has never gotten more than a little warm (my previous hub, much more expensive, regularly ran too hot for me to touch comfortably).  Excellent purchase.
I love it.	Great little usb c hub. Worked great with surface book and was able to get video output at 4K.
Great Tablet Accessories	With the advent of laptops with very few connections for peripheral devices, a USB hub of some sort is a necessity.  This one is an example of a perfectly priced device that works great for many different tasks.  Personally, I have been using my laptop to work from home form a couple of months now, but my laptop doesn't always stay at my desk.  I have been using this hub to connect my second monitor, wireless mouse and external drives.  This has made it much easier to disconnect all of my devices at once.  It makes everything much simpler.  I haven't found anything that this hub is not perfect for yet.
Initial opening	Nice and premiun product. Works well.
Nice quality	It works perfectly!
Cheap USB C Hub Solution for Macs	Bought the 7in1 USB hub from this brand for my Macbook since I need a lot of USB ports. Besides that, I need a card reader where I can access additional ports for the labtop.Now I bought the 7-1 USB hub for my MacBook Pro for the same reason. I need more USB ports, HDMI port, card readers.The built quality really good in my opinion. When I touch this hub I feel like the engineer designed this like Apple The case and the USB C jack made of aluminum, the USB C tip is gold-plated so it will contact better. The cable is thick but bendable and feels strong. The card reader is and USB 3.0 ports are fast as expected.Overall, I highly recommend this hub for Mac users who need a card reader and regular USB 3.0 ports for all peripherals like external HDD, printer, thumb drive...HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
Cheap USB C Hub Solution for Macs	The build quality of this hub is fantastic. Unlike cheaper plastic ones, this one has a metal case around it with a thick rubber wire connected to the USB C port. For those two reasons alone, this hub will not get damage no matter how much time it is toss and shove into my backpack when I am in a hurry. It is also extremely lightweight and compact which means the hub could be carried along with no matter what. Even for its relatively small size, it is loaded with ports that would accommodate everything. Overall, it is a wonderful hub with an amazon build quality for every need possible.
Works as expected	love the size and power easy to use
Lightweight & Stylish	Upon receiving the USB hub, I was impressed with the finish of the material and the variety of inputs available.  Now I can use my laptop for all my digital needs instead of jumping back and forth to my desktop.  Great quality, versatile. Worth the $30+ I paid for it.  Great product.
Time saver	I liked the product because it was compact, and still got the job done! I use it for a MacBook Air which only has 2 ports, none of which I can use since I don’t have usb-c adapters.
Good Product Amazing!!!	Was considering a different hub until i saw this 7 in 1. Bought this to help with our computer needs. Perfect for connecting our phones, camera, hard drive, bluetooth adapter, etc. The product itself looks durable but since i recently just got this, i can't say anything about longevity yet. This is our first multiple usb hub so i can't really compare it to other brands as well. The color looks professional and not cheap looking at all (for me anyway). The size is perfect for traveling and it's not heavy as well. Just wish it comes with a pouch or storage container to protect it from scratch and drop. Overall i'm happy about it, so far so good. Product as described.
Works as expected	Good quality materials and works great! I used it with my Samsung S20 plus for Dex and it works perfect with a mouse and keyboard. It also charges your device while connected which is the main reason I purchased.
USB-C HUB	Not only it is super easy to use, it also has a lot of great uses! I am able to connect all my devices without worrying about which cables to unplug!! Thank you so much!
This solves the problem that there are only two USB ports in the notebook.	This item is great, everything response that I plug in and is just the right size and the cord is just long enough, I am very happy with this purchase and would recommend it to anyone.
Surprising quality	Great little hub! Using this to connect a couple extra SSD hard drives to quickly copy stuff over etc. Fast, gets the job done, looks good as well!The extra functionalities are very welcome as well; there's an SD card reader, an HDMI port, and even a Macbook charger port, so I can use it for my desktop Mac as well as my Macbook.It literally plugs in and works. Really nice. Might get another one soon cause they tend to come in handy when traveling a lot.
Multipurpose & Super Easy	I needed this for a new MacBook Pro. It is perfect-exactly as described, has all the necessary ports and data/power supply is fast. Perfect product at a great price.
USB 3.0 ports work good so far	I've now been through 5 C-multiport adapters setting up my home office during COVID. This one has a nice arrangement of desired ports, and a sleek solid look.
Works as expected	I got it mainly to have an HDMI port in my computer so I could connect it to a monitor I have and the extra usb ports. It's comfortable in size so it won't take too much space in your desk or wherever you use it.
Easy to use and gets the job done	Needed a hub that had 3 USB ports and an HDMI output and this was the best I could find. It works fine, havent had any issues with the HDMI output. I am doing passthrough charging to my mac while plugging in a keyboard and mouse as well. So far so good!
Works well	Its very premium feel hub. Tiny but very powerful. Definetely worth it
Great multi-port USB-C hub	With COVID-19 I've had to work at home a LOT, every day, much more than my usual once per month.  With this in mind I wanted to utilize my two large home monitors, but the work laptop just had one HDMI port.  With the VAVA hub, I am able to use both monitors, and also a regular mouse and keyboard.  The adapter has worked very well with my Dell laptop.  The adapter, while small in size, feels well made, it's nice and hefty - and the USB-C cable seems sturdy too.
High Quality USB Hub for new MacBook Pro	I use this all the time now and it has been great. I just have my iPad and i do everything on that. I do a lot of presentations with my colleagues and now that I have this it is so much easier with my iPad. Works perfect! I love it.
connect phone to TV without breaking bank	 This little connector is amazing. Bought it to use with my Mac air. It’s small, light and works perfectly. It has a hdmi, 3 USB ports, a micro sd , a SD and a DC In... Exceeded all my expectations.
Amazing product	Works perfectly and love the size and nice look to it.
Very sleek design and multi purpose for file transfers	This USB hub has improved my life. I haven’t used the SD card reader or the HDMI port but everything else is working flawlessly. I haven’t unplugged this ever since I first got this, which was a couple of weeks ago, and I haven’t had any issues so far. I’ve connected a midi keyboard, a Scarlett 2i2, a mouse, and everything has been working %100. Overall I’m very happy with this product.
It Works	Perfect for my needs. Easy to setup and use.
Very good	Works as expected, with hdmi and some usb a devices attached to my macbook pro. Thank you!
Super Useful	This works great. You can buy an adapter and use it with any device.
Maximize MacBook Pro 2017 USB ports and free up cluttered cords occupying desk space	This USB hub is great for helping me do multiple things at once. For example, if I wanted to view camera footage, all I have to do is plug in the memory card from my camera directly into the hub. Then, I would be able to view all the footage that my camera has captured. I can also view my phone’s data if I wanted to. All that I have to do is plug the charger into my phone and then my hub.
High Quality USB Hub for new MacBook Pro	This is a compact and sturdy product. Haven't noticed any latency issues that I need to complain about. I keep switching between 2 laptops and it has worked well and is convenient to share external devices. Using it across  HP Elitebook and Alienware.
High Quality USB Hub for new MacBook Pro	Needed something b/c my PC has 2 USB C ports and not a lot of other ports.  This solves the problem and is super easy to travel with.
USB 3.0 ports work good so far	Bought this USB-C hub for my sister. She owns the Macbook Pro that includes the USB-C ports. The products feels very high quality and is also very lightweight. I have seen other reviews and I agree with their positive comments.
Great office addition	Love the product very portable and reliable have been using for over month
Working as advertised	While connecting my phone to the TV, I can also charge at the same time while using DeX! When jiggling phone to see how much it would move around it's actually quite nice and snug that it did not disconnect from the TV or monitor. It's certainly a good price for its quality, especially if you need something portable to fit in your bag.
Exactly What I needed	This device does not charge devices fast at all. If you are using your phone while charging, it will not charge. While not using the phone, you may only add 3% charge to the battery in 30 minutes to an hour.
Quick and easy	Great
Definitely worth it!	The overall fit and finish of the product are very high. I own a 2019 MacBook Pro 15" in Space Grey and this matches very closely—albeit a very slightly darker color. Overall build quality is excellent and I like the ability to charge my computer through the dongle so I don't lose a port when it's plugged in. The cable is a bit stiff, but I suppose that means it's more sturdy and won't kink easily. The only thing missing is the ethernet port, and I could have paid extra for that but chose not to. Highly recommended!
Great USB-C Hub	I mainly use this hub to connect my MacBook Pro to an external monitor. It works very well.
Slim multi-purpose adapter for your MacBook Air	Very good build quality. I usually don’t like it when companies put their logo everywhere but this logo looks very clean. Definitely recommend it to other people and I will probably buy another to keep one with my laptop and one around the house.
Amazing product	best type c hub I have used !
USB-C HUB	This is exactly what I need for my MacBook and it’s actually much smaller than the picture which is really great. ( Can see comparison to my Palm)
Multi functional	This usb-c hub is a great product! If you’re like me and you hate that your laptop only has usb-c connections this product is a must. It has 3slots for usb connection,  1 hdmi port, an sd card slot and a micro sd slot. And it also has a usb-c slot that you can plug your computers power supply into to charge your computer at the same time. It is very useful if you need to download stuff from multiple sources, to connect a wireless mouse, or whatever else. I would highly recommend this product!
Great purchase	I am very much satisfied with this hub very small and compact expected as it should be
Perfect for my work from home setup	Success on first try to connect my MacBook Pro 2018 to Asus monitor. This is exactly what you need if you are looking to extend desktop to an external monitor.
Amazing	I love this product! im able to plug in my SD and mini drives as well. I take it with me when I travel for my business as it is very lightweight. Great product-definitely recommend.
Small, inexpensive yet mighty!	Excellent product.. works perfectly with my macbook pro... seller was very considerate, ordered before the lockdown and somewhere along the way, my package was lost.. but seller replaced it and sent me a new one.. appreciate it..  Thank you very much
Perfect match for my MacBook	This adapter doesn't become hot-to-touch like others I've tried with a MacBook Pro 2018. Works very smoothly with my external hard drive and SD cards. Nice size as well, doesn’t take up too much space. Great purchase.
A+++++ Quality	Perfect for the new accessories with technology. Definitely a must have.
Surprising quality	Just set it up for office , works great, it’s a plug &play device, charges the laptop simultaneously, able to connect monitor via hdmi, multiple usb for keyboard mouse etc. makes my setup all neat and organized
Exactly as described - No issues	I'm a DJ and I needed a USB hub that was able to supply power to all of my equipment - I tried many other brands with no luck until I came across this awesome one from VAVA. The build is really solid and I'm glad that with such a lightweight hub, I am able to have all the functionality that I need back on my computer.
It arrived in 2days!	Very very aesthetic product... legit branding as well. I didn't expect it to be so nicely made and compact.
Working as advertised	Works great!  Right price range.  Happy camper!Using as a "docking station" on HP elitebook x360 1030 G4.Using the laptop native HDMI port (to monitor #1) and this in one of the usb-c ports into hdmi into #2 external monitor, usb ports for keyboard and mouse.The trick for the elitebook, for 2nd external monitor, hp requires the external hub to plugged into a particular usb-c port (it's on their website)Working great for me.
Very nice product!!!	I am really happy with this multi port hub - it's very light and compact but has all of the ports I need to connect my laptop to a monitor and for the wireless items I need to plug in.  Great purchase!
A+++++ Quality	Likes.....great quality, sturdy and firm seat of devices into hub. The speeds of transferring data and media was very fast.Very impressed with performance and have had absolutely zero issues. It is completely plug and play.
Slim multi-purpose adapter for your MacBook Air	This product meets all my needs at a reasonable price! As a filmmaker and photographer using the new MacBook Pro, I do n’t like that laptops no longer have an SD card slot. Using this device, I can upload material and use the USB port when needed.
Great tool	The build quality of this hub is amazing, and the exterior appearance looks very nice. It has all of the features you would need.
Works like a Charm	I got a new MBP and that meant needing to buy adapters for it (sad). This adapter has been working well for me--it is easily portable and has all the basics that I tend to need (USB and HDMI being the main ones). I have found that when I plug in one certain USB item, I cannot use it alongside my USB mouse but I don't know if that's just my items not working well together because individually, all the USB ports do work. I got the silver MBP so one downside is this only comes in space gray so it doesn't really match my laptop, so I do wish this came in silver! I do not find the adapter getting too hot but it is a bit warm to touch when using. Overall, I find this great for its price and I hope it will last me a long time!
Solid construction	I was frustrated to find that my MacBook Pro had no ports other than two USB-C ports and a headphone jack. I am very happy with this hub! It looks great too. Did exactly what I wanted and what I needed. The metal finish looks expensive. It fits easily in my bag
Amazing product	Solid build quality and works as expected.
Great Tablet Accessories	As much as I like my new MacBook Pro, it has one glaring problem, and that is the lack of ports. Who know what Apple was thinking when they decided to abandon all the other connections. Thankfully this dongle addresses all those problems. I have been using multiple cards and they all seem to work fine. The device is well built, nothing to complain there, it also looks very sleek. I have been using it on my house, since we are quarantined, but it is small enough to place on any side compartment in my backpack. If only this thing could fix the MacBook keyboard problem. Anyways, this dongle is legit.
It arrived in 2days!	Sufficiently small, great quality! Excellent price!Highly recommend it !
Works as advertised!	I’m very happy with the product. Very compact, works perfectly. I will highly recommend.
Lightweight & Stylish	This product is lightweight and looks clean for business use. I have used the HDMI and USB primarily. HDMI connects easily and comes through in HD, the USB is super fast, and faster than regular USB 2 which has made data and file transfer a breeze where I have used it so far.  I'll check back once I've had a few months to use it
Lightweight & Stylish	Bought it as a replacement for 6-in-1 hyperdock hub, which was acting up and not charging my iPad. This hub works just fine, allows me to charge the tablet and connect a midi device at the same time. Haven't tried the HDMI port yet, but i'm sure it will work just fine as well.
Good quality	I am setting up my MacBook Pro and the adapter is perfect. I can transfer my work now easily. Thank you for Vava USB adapter
Perfect for my work from home setup	I just received this today, very fast delivery. The overall quality and packaging is very well done. It is sturdy and made well. There is also good warranty coverage. It really gets the job done with my new MacBook Air with 3 USB ports and ability to project onto the TV as well. Fast charging capability and good data transfer. Overall very happy, will look to this brand again in the future.
Exactly as described - No issues	The product arrived on time and exactly as described. I use it to connect a dual monitor to my laptop via hdmi and it works perfectly. I'm also using one of the usb ports to connect my logitec mouse and keyboard and works perfectly fine as well. No issues thus far! I also like that it matches the color of my macbook pro.
as advertised - good value	It works perfectly, now I can connect the Ipad pro to the TV and charge it at the same time. Highly recommend!
Does what it's supposed to do	I love this device. It's lightweight and powerful. I appreciate its portability and the price is more than reasonable. It's definitely a great buy. Don't hesitate to buy this.
Works great!!	Got a new macbook and needed a way to connect 2 monitors to it while still being able to charge it and use USB ports. This took care of everything! Couldn't have asked for an easier set-up!
Lightweight & Stylish	The newer MacBook Pros only have USB-C ports, and it's very frustrating connecting and switching out a million different dongles to my laptop all the time. This dongle is sleek and portable and works great for all my usages (connecting USB-A cables, HDMI cable to my monitor, as an SD card reader). It does get a little warm with multiple things connecting to it at the same time, but nothing unlike other dongles I've used before.
Works as advertised!	Received one day late due to Covid-19, but am very satisfied with product.
Initial opening	Great product, with a heavy duty sleek design.
Working good for USB microphone on 2019 MAC book AIR	The product went beyond my expectations, I would say that the build quality matches the more expensive ones and its very compatible & light.Fits for day to day use and has a wide variety of slots for all your needs.
The NYTimes Wirecutter recommended it as a best buy and they weren't lying.	The NYTimes Wirecutter recommended it as a best buy and they weren't lying. Very good product at about half the price of Apple's adaptor with twice as many functions. It's a no brainer.
Very High Quality!	Great USB-C hub that works as described. I am using the hub for my work and can easily hooks this up to my MacBook Pro with breeze.
So far, so great	My daughter got a MacBook Air and she needed this usb C to connect all her other usb to the Mac. For now she loves it and find really useful. She think this one is a great quality compared to the first we got.I will advise this to anyone.
awesome	Exactly what I needed. It’s sleek and has more than enough outlets, even has a usb3 which I helps a lot on my MacBook!
Best bang for your buck!	Finishing and material is exceptionally good for an accessory. Looks nice on my desk. The ports work as expected.
Works as designed!	After buying this USB C hub, it's really much more convenient. This is an elaborate product. The case is very strong. Cost performance is also very high. So far, I like this product very much. It's worth buying.
Small and easy to use	FOr the price, it's the best option out. I did my research before buying this one and I am glad I did. The quality is great and allows me to have regular USB connections on my Mac instead of just the 4 USB-Cs.I did a couple of hours of research prior to buying it and I am gad I did!
Works Great!	Arrived faster than I expected, very light weight, and at an excellent price!!
Its is a great USB-C Hub	100W power delivery charging port allows you to charge your computer, MacBook Pro or other Type-C devices while transferring dataMuch smaller than expected! Perfect for traveling and work trips, this 8 in 1 USB C HUB is exactly what I needed and more.I actually used it to read my dashcam SD card on my Android S8 to review a clip and it worked flawlessly. Will be using this for additional storage and transfering of files to and from my phones and laptop on the fly. Not to mention the ability to snag files from practically any storage.Summary-Compact-Solid build quality-Joint reinforced thick USB-C cable-Tight connections on all ports (I plugged in appropriate media into every port and wiggled and pulled)-Versatile ports for Apple and Android users.
Definitely worth it!	Works exactly as hoped without a hitch. My laptop has only one standard usb port so having a hub is a must. The hub that came with my laptop is pretty cheap and has only one additional usb port so this one is an excellent upgrade.It is made of nice materials and is weighty (not heavy - feels like it's made of good materials). I also really like the HDMI port being on the end because it works well for my particular arrangement. If i find myself needing to get another usb-c hub, I'll happily reorder this one!
Cheap USB C Hub Solution for Macs	This is exactly the profile I was looking for in a hub.My laptop has multiple i/o ports, but only one of each. I ALWAYS need more than 1 USB-A ports available to me. Swapping out a mouse for a 3d printer connection, card reader adapter, etc is really an annoyance. I was looking for a hub solution to the problem, but they negated the form factor. They were just too big to fit a slim profile. This one is perfect for it. I have it mounted on the back of my screen and it looks like it's right at home. Even the slate color scheme matches. This actually matters when it comes to meeting with clients face to face.That being said, it isn't just fashion, it's actual function. It doesn't just sit there and look pretty. It actually works for a living.
love	Very easy to install. The texture feels nice. Highly recommended!
Nice quality	Great product, highly recommended
Great purchase	Heating Issue. They will force to review and in return you will get a gift card.
as advertised - good value	This USB-C hub works excellent with my 2nd Generation IPAD Pro 11. It’s the perfect size for my needs. I would highly recommend this product!
It Works	Just plug and play.. no setup needed.Working great with my iPad Pro
Lightweight & Stylish	I've been looking for a hub that could easily connect all my plugs to my Macbook - and this device did the trick between connecting my USB plugs, USB C to charge my laptop, and HDMI to connect my monitor. I also appreciated that the device's color matched the space gray of my Macbook which was a nice touch. Highly recommend!
USB-C HUB	I recently bought the Macbook Pro 2020 13 inch, and this accessory was a must buy! I bought my laptop in Space Gray and the hub color matches with laptop very well. Love the design, the build and compactness. Would buy again.
Great Utility at a Great Price	I like the fact that I can attach my home peripherals (TV, keyboard, and mouse) and only have one cable to unplug from my laptop when I get up and go.The aluminum rounded styling makes it easy to carry around if you wish (I use it more for a home hub).I only wish it had Ethernet like like its older sibling (the 9-in-one). The trade-off being that this model (the 7-in-one) has three USB 3.0 ports.
cheap and enough ports	I have never used a devise like this before. I was impress at how small this device was and it worked so effectively. I was able to charge my wireless headphones using the c port on my phone. Im truly in love with this gadget. I found my early stocking staffers for the holidays.
as advertised - good value	Exactly what I needed for the Surface Pro X, using it as a HDMI and usb hub. Really small and compact, which is great for a mobile office.
Powerful Device and Definitely worth the price!!	Great device for this amazing price!! This little device REALLY exceeded my expectations. I purchased this one and one from Best Buy for $49.99( which was actually 59.99 before the sale price). All I can say is that I took the $49.99 one from Best Buy back without hesitation after using this one and I have NO REGRETS!!! This one had one more USB 3.0 ports than the one at Best Buy and after using it for an 8 hr work day it didn’t overheat nor did it kill my laptop battery life like the one at BEST BUY. I’m using 2 of the USB 3.0 Ports ( with a wireless mouse and keyboard)and the HDMI port ( connecting an additional monitor) and it works like a charm!! Very satisfied customer!!
Satisfied customer	Fast delivery and a great device that works wonderful. I am satisfied!
Impressed, Satisfied by VAVA Newest 7-in-1 Hub	I travel on a regular basis for work and prior to picking this up, the 3 USB ports on my laptop were always used by one thing or another.This is now a non-issue! The hub uses a single USB C port and in return you get:3 USB 3.0 ports (w/ Charging ability)1 USB C (w/ Charging ability)1 SD Slot (tested both an old 2GB card and a newer 64GB card w/o issue)1 MicroSD slot1 HDMI OutputI'm able to connect two monitors as well with this adapter when working in a shared workspace which is really sweet. Weighs no more than a few ounces so no additional bulk in your bag either! The body feels like it's made of aluminum or some other sort of metal so looks like it should hold up to some wear and tear. No matter what I came across at clients' offices I've been able to handle!Wish it would have an old school VGA output but there's literally no place to put it :P
Super Useful	Thanks for quick shipment.. nice and compact looks great on the desk.
Nice quality	Great USB-C HUB. Excellent quality.
Great!	This hub was a great addition to my MacBook Pro set up during the current working from home situation. I was able to connect a 32in TV, to function as a secondary screen using the HDMI port. And use the USB ports to charge my phone and iPad. Definitely recommend it.
Perfect for MacBooks	this device is so useful i love it
Easy to use and gets the job done	Bought one to set up my workstation using a macbook pro.  It has all the ports I need (HDMI for monitor, USB-A for mouse and keyboard, USB-C for another input such as power).  The item's build quality is solid, and it's smaller and slimmer than I expected, which is not intrusive at all for cable management.  Overall a great product.
light weight, works great	The build quality is solid. I connect this directly to my Macbook Pro and the pass through charging works as expected.
What's not to like?	Needed a nice adapter for my Macbook Air that allowed me to hook it up to power, connect to a monitor and some extra usb ports. This was perfect! The build quality is quite nice, feels like a premium product and it's plug & play, works flawlessly.
Works great!!	This works great with my 2017 13” MacBook Pro. No problems at all and very well made
Great Convertor	I used this convertor to upload all of my files from an older Macbook pro to a newer one and it worked flawlessly.  I was able to use two usb-2 cables from my old Mac to the convertor and the one thunderbolt cable into my new Mac.  Couldn't have been easier.  You have to make sure that when inserting the thunderbolt cable into the female slot on your laptop, or whatever your connecting, that you push it in snugly....I heard mine actually click when secure.  Otherwise, they may fit too loose.
So far, so great	Just recieved yesterday and honestly didn't realized how much I needed this until I got it, very light weight and compact. Does everything I expected and more. Great hub for the price!
Great USB type C Hub	I really like this USB C Hub! It has been so helpful and handy to use on my MacBook Air computer, which doesn’t come with more than one port. It’s well-built and good quality.
Works like a Charm	This actually works! I use it with my Lenovo laptop. I had already returned a different one I purchased on Amazon, which my laptop would not recognize. This one from VAVA works perfectly. I am so pleased with the purchase. I use it to a read micro SD and standard USB as well as charge my iPhone with the usb-c slot. Great item.
Works as designed!	Enough diverse ports in addition to its cool design.
Great multi-port USB-C hub	Unboxing was fun box was very attractive. First of all love all the slots three USB 3.0, HDMI, USB-C, USB PD, TF cord and SD card slots I couldn't ask for more. So lightweight and pleasant design make my laptop more stylish. My sister fell in love as soon as I got it she had to order one too. Definitely the most needed item in my household. Money worthy buying item. Recommended to everyone.
Great!	All the ports worked. I connected HDMI to my second monitor and three USB ports with keyboard/mouse/webcam.Plus, this one stands out with PD 100w from other cheap hubs.I have tested this setup with Macbook Pro 2019 and worked without any issue so far.No plugging back and forth.. much better than what I had before. Highly recommend.
Best bang for your buck!	This hub is perfect in every way. If you're on the fence about buying it, don't be...this one's a winner.
Works as advertised!	perfect for my computer better then buying from apple has everything i need !perfect for on the go or at home. has all the usb ports i need
I love it.	Space gray with a very good aluminum texture!  There is a sense of quality.  The cable is also elastic and you can expect durability.  The size is just right.
Never need another hub again	This is the best hub I have ever had. The quality of materials is superb. I have all my USB’s in it, and they all function great. Using this device has made it real easy to have 6 USB devices in at once. It is a slim design and fits in my laptop bag without the bulk. The cord that is on this device is thick, durable and strong.
Perfect	I bought this USB C hub to replace an older one I had. Same size that the one I had with an additional USB C and USB 3. Perfectly working on my Dell XPS 15.
Initial opening	Works as intended. Easy setup
Perfect match for my MacBook	This product is awesome for new MacBooks which don't come with standard USB and other ports. This was a great priced product for all that you get.
Sturdy, Lightweight, Metal Multi Adapter to View from varied input sources into your computer.	I have been using the hub for a little over a month now, mainly for projecting my laptop screen onto a monitor with HDMI, and it has been working great! My battery does drain a little faster when using the hub this way, but that is expected. One thing I would say is that when I use the usb ports on this hub for my wireless mouse, the cursor sometimes gets glitchy and hardly moves. I am not sure if this is because of my mouse or the hub so I can't entirely blame VAVA. Once again, the product is great so far and I will update if anything goes wrong. (:
Initial opening	Perfect for my iPad Pro!!
Amazing	As a professor at a university, I need an efficient and versatile attachment for my computer that accommodates technology in our classrooms. This HUB meets my needs! Thanks so much!
Works great, compatible with numerous devices!	This hub lived up to it's reputation and all those five stars! Not much I can add. Slots are nicely snug and male end is likewise snug in the computer. Shipped very quickly also.
Great multi-port USB-C hub	I’ll be honest, I‘ve always stuck with Anker products, but this hub exceeded my expectations (especially at this price-point). I was also skeptical about the 100W charging capabilities, but it’s able to charge my MacBook using a 96W charger without any issues, and I’m currently using the HDMI and two USB ports as well. Highly recommend.
Super Useful	it is a very compact and light hub with 3 USB 3.0 ports. This can satisfy my need. so far it is working perfectly with my new laptop Lenovo C940!
Works like a Charm	I bought the VAVA USB-C hub for my daughter's Macbook Air so she can extend her screen to a larger monitor as well as have additional USB port. The product came in time and worked well with plug-n-play. It's nice and small so it doesn't take up much space on her desk; and you can easily put it in your back pack if you need to travel. She plugged an external keyboard (a PC key board) in one of the USB port. A set up screen popped up and once configured it worked well. Overall, very happy with the product and highly recommend it.
Amazing product	Solid! Small and portable and have all the ports I need
Great Utility at a Great Price	The transmission speed is very fast, it will not heat up after a whole day, the quality is very good, it is recommended to buy
Great Convertor	This was a highly rated USB-C hub with HDMI video out that was also very affordable. A huge plus was for me was that it was delivered the next day!I was intending to use all three of the USB 3.0 ports to connect external 2.5" hard disks to make a RAID 0, however, not as a limitation of the product, but rather the USB standards, not enough power could be delivered to power more than one (unpowered) external disk. If each disk had it's own powered case, I'm sure this would not have been an issue. Instead, I ended up only connecting a single unpowered disk and a second monitor to my Mac Mini 2020, having to connect two of the other disks directly to the computer and the final disk to another adapter I had purchased from OWC. (Note: I do not have a MacBook with a separate charger that I could have plugged into the PD port. So unsure if that would have allowed more disks to be powered...)The monitor/HDMI output was almost the most important thing for me (cost was first). There are still a couple of unused ports that I can plug low-power devices into, so glad to have them.
Good quality	Perfect quality with a nice solid dark metal feel on the body of the item and matches newer MBP 2020 perfect.
Amazing	This USB-C Adapter is a must have accessory if you own the latest models of a MacBook Pro or MacBook Air, very nice clean look and design and works perfect, couldn't ask for a better product! :)
Good quality	This was a great deal! The hub is super lightweight and has all the ports I need. I would definitely recommend this over any other USB-C Hub!
Surprising quality	At the price, I was pleasantly surprised at the build quality. The case is aluminum and very solid. I did a presentation today with the files coming off a usb drive on the adapter and the computer connected to a TV via hdmi on the adapter and everything worked smoothly. Would recommend. Compact enough to take with you everywhere in your work bag.
love	Usb c hub arrives quickly, the packing is not broken, it is very practical, I am very satisfied.
Great office addition	The gadget has been heaven sent at work and at home! Now I can use all my devices at the same time and it's compatible with my Mac Book at home and my pc at work.
connect phone to TV without breaking bank	I wanted to use MacBook Pro with external monitor and this USB c hub works well for connecting external Display device with laptop. It is quite small with 7 in 1 which is good for traveling. USB ports and Card reader ports also work fine. It has long enough USB C cord to connect laptop. The USB c charging port can charge laptop also. Overall good option for adding extra ports in laptop.
USB 3.0 ports work good so far	I bought a new Dell laptop with only 2 USB ports and they were both USB-C. I have lots of 4 TB portable hard disks with the old USB plugs for backup and extra disk space. I bought this item to solve the problem
Multiple features.	The quality of this USB-C adaptor is super nice. I am very happy with it.  The usb connection to my MacBook Pro is very tight, unlike another one that I own which tends to come up too easily. It means that this VAVA adaptor will stay attached even when a bunch of wires are hanging off it. Very nice.
Phenomenal HUB	Great compact little adapter with lots of options. Works great so far!
This is a great product	USB C Hub easy to use. Has 3 usb3 port and C type dc in i can also charge my laptop too while hub is insert.
A+++++ Quality	Amazed by the quality. For the price I wasn’t sure what to expect, but quality wasn’t sacrificed for price here. Quick uploads/downloads/transfers. Very lightweight & packable. I’ll be purchasing another soon!
Small, inexpensive yet mighty!	I bought this for my 2020 MacBook Air.  It was just what I was looking for. It’s inexpensive but performs perfectly.  I love that it’s small And doesn’t clutter my workspace.  It’s well made with a sturdy cord that should last a long time.
Very sleek design and multi purpose for file transfers	Great 7-in-1 tool for a USB-C MacBook Pro 2019! It has all of the features you would need including 3 USB 3.0 ports, 2 SD slots, HDMI, and even a power supply USB-C input! It’s been a great tool to have and I use it daily! Thanks for a great product and I hope will last for a long time!
Lightweight & Portable	Received this hub on March 22nd and have been using it to connect my macbook air to a 2nd screen since we began working from home.  It is working great for exactly what I bought it for.  Also tested all the connection points and they all work well.  Will eventually use this to also import old sd and microsd cards.  Very happy with the quality of this product.
Multipurpose & Super Easy	This is so great! It’s small so I don’t have to worry about finding extra space in my laptop bag to store it! Great buy and does the job it is intended to do!
love	This USB c hub has worked perfectly and has allowed me to hook up my Mac to a monitor well. Would recommend!
Excellent!!!	Great product for a great price
Performed as advertised	Nice unit.  Does what it's supposed to do.  I like it having 100w capability.  Have not had any issues.  Worked so well now I have two.
The NYTimes Wirecutter recommended it as a best buy and they weren't lying.	Does what it says it will do. Fast shipping! Looks to be great quality. Tested all my USB flash drives today, and everything connected quick! Thank you!
Good Product Amazing!!!	It works well and it does what it was intended for
Amazing product	Fast ship, product works well. Thank you
Works great for my PC	Compact size with all the adapters I need. In the firs couple of days I've had a chance to use the USB ports and SB card reader. Both worked flawlessly and had great transfer speeds. I like the compact size as this will be a constant companion in my travels.
Perfect for MacBooks	Very easy to use, affordable price, the original computer USB port sensitive is not good, just use this, connect the computer faster, the style is the one I like, but also to charge the mobile phone.
Does what is supposed to	This adapter works great with my MacBook.  It has a sturdy build quality and it works amazing to connect all your your devices to your MacBook.  The adapter cord is a strong thick quality and this also packs up nicely for travel.  (I travel 2-3 weeks out of the month for work).  Highly Recommended.
Initial opening	Worked like it's supposed to.
Does exactly what I needed	For those that had just purchased a new MacBook Air or possibly other minimal-port laptop, this is absolutely an essential product. This gives you additional input ports to connect external drives, SD cards, and even hdmi output to screen mirror to a big screen tv. It’s small enough to pack with your laptop for travel.
Great Utility at a Great Price	I was surprised at the small size and sleekness of this hub. Works perfectly.Will purchase another for use at the office.
Surprising quality	Just received this adapter for my Macbook Air, and its much better than the previous one I got from a different brand. Slim and ultra light, same color as the computer, and a lot of different ports to choose from!
Lightweight & Portable	The things are very good, all aspects are good, the price is right, the read and write speed is much better than before, the hard disk can't read before, this can easily solve many problems for me
Slim multi-purpose adapter for your MacBook Air	The USB-C hub came on time and did not disappoint. Allows for smooth backup of photos and data- backed up 3,000 photos with no problem. The wide variety of ports is sure to come in handy in the future.
Great Convertor	Small and simple hub, unbox and just plug n play.Its quite smaller than the pics, quality looks good, definetely not cheap material feel.3 USB ports helps a lot as my laptop has 2. I can attach my mouse, keyboard and any USB/charging device I need to.USB 3.0 is another advantage, for faster transfer rates in new devices/cables.I have attached my extra monitor via the HDMI cable and it works great.Instead of all the attachments( mouse, keyboard, phone charging, USB stick etc) plugged to my laptop which makes it bit uncomfortable at times, now this device handles all the plugging, which makes it easy for me if I have to move my laptop around.Definitely recommended.
Tiny, but great!	I have recently purchased HP spectra laptop which comes with only one USB C port and one normal USB port.. With multiple device attchments its very difficult for me to mannage with these 2 ports on my laptop. Then i started looking for USB C HUB and came across this  device.I must say I am very much happy with this Purchase.. This device contains :One USB C portThree USB 3.0 portsOne HDMI portOne USB pd portOne TF card slotOne memory card slotEarlier if I am charging my laptop then i cannot charge mobile at the same time but with this i can charge both at a time..I can add my pend drive and hard disc at the same time as it gives 3 USB ports..I have also connected my laptop with TV using hdmi cable and it works perfect..The device is small and easy to carry while travelling..Overall I am very much satisfied with this product.. for the price its a very good deal.
It Works	It's been working great so far. As described, and very easy to carry around
Great Tablet Accessories	Both my tablet and my laptop lack any USB Ports they only have the new USB-C type ones which is OK because more products like this are coming out that support it and since a lot of products still use USB 3.0 and 2.0 this adapter is essential.  It's designed very well with a sleek look and packs a lot of ports into a small form factor.  I like that it's lightweight as I'll be carrying it everywhere yet it's still solid and durable.  Also I often put skins or cases on electronics to protect them so I like that the chassis is smooth so I can apply a skin decal to match my tablet.
A must have to complement your laptop	Bought this during quarantine because I wanted to start using my DSLR again and figured why not now. This thing allows me to take a photo, plug the SD card into my phone (Galaxy Note 8), and then do whatever I want with the photo from there. It's worked great for that. Small enough to easily fit into my DSLR case. Wonderful product that does exactly what it says.
Great office addition	This is exactly what I needed for my new Macbook Air! So many ports, works great every time I plug it in.
Perfect	It is very small so it is very convenient to put it in your backpack! There are many connections. I have not tried all of them but it works perfect for connecting my laptop to the monitor.
Works great for my PC	So I've been using this few days. Wanted to find an easy way to dock MacBook pro with monitor, keyboard and SD card. Works very well. USB 3.0 speeds are pretty much standard
Best bang for your buck!	Arrived early.  Good packaging.  Easy to use.  Works very well.  When plugged in does not interfere with the other ports and allows for more add ons.
Never need another hub again	This is a perfect adapter/dongle for the MacBook Pro. It's lightweight and only uses 1 thunderbolt port unlike many of the other ones on amazon which tend to use both of the ports on one side of the laptop! This adapter has all of the ports which one might be looking for especially USB type A 3.0 ones which are not there on the MacBook Pro. It also has an SD card adapter which comes in very handy for photographers. The built is thoroughly solid and sturdy hence, the user shouldn't worry about it breaking when tossed in a backpack.
What's not to like?	This adapter works well.  Received it very quickly and was in great condition.Just used it and is plenty fast with plenty of ports.  Lightweight also so will be good for travel.
Matches the Space Grey Macbook Air	Worth it! No problems at all with this one. Portable and very useful to have when you travel.
GREAT Product!!	This is a great hub. I recently had my laptop screen break so I got a new laptop and discovered it only has USB-C/Thunderbolt.  I’m new to USB-C since my old laptop was from 2015, but I knew I had to order one of these asap. I bought this one and it’s working perfectly. It’s smaller than I expected - this should be easy to bring with me to school in my bag.
Best hub for your buck!	Great product, HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
Nice quality	Amazing build quality, works great!
I love it.	Great product! It has everything in it that I need and the price is very reasonable. I highly recommend it.
Good Product Amazing!!!	Great product, delivery was on time also.
warranty	Like that it has a 18 month warranty and that you can still charge your device even when having the hub connected
UNSTABLE HUB! MISLEADING PROMOTIONAL ADVERTISEMENT IN THE BOX!	Got this to do DEX with my Note 10+.  The Note 10+ cannot do higher than 1080P on this device.  That was a bit disappointing.  I was hoping for 1440P support, but no go.  Probably have to get a Samsung DEX Pad to get 1440P support.Having 3 USB 3.0 ports are nice.  USB power pass-through works as intended.  I had no issues charging my Note while using DEX.  The device does get quite warm when all the ports are being actively used.Both sides of the device has a convex shape so it wobbles a bit on flat surface.  The USB C cable for the device is non-detachable and stiff.  The cable is not as bendy as the product photos.Overall device quality is pretty good.  Pretty well built device.
Best USB C	nice product, small hub, looks high quality,easy to carry, easy for travel, I use this for my laptop, it will have everything I need
Great USB type C Hub	Read many reviews before finally choosing this hub and very happy with the result. Good building quality with small size best for traveling. Improvement I would like to see are: more colors, smooth port edge on the case and slimier USB-C housing.
Lightweight & Portable	This is a great little adapter that's ready to travel. I tested the power with a 60 Watt PC adapter and it worked great. I was able to charge the laptop and a phone at the same time via the USB adapter. One thing is that there's a lot of power going through the unit so it can get warm. I'd keep it on a desk with good ventilation. All in all a good buy.
Very High Quality!	The hub is smaller than i expected which is a plus. I like that I can connect everything to one port with out getting bogged down. I have my HDMI port, wireless keyboard, and sometimes portable monitor connected and it performs flawlessly. I do not have a way to text out the power delivery part yet as i do not have a USB-C charger.
Best USB C	Works really well.
Works great, compatible with numerous devices!	Works great with my MacBook Pro and MacBook. Unit feels solid, unlike the plastic ones I've tried before. All the ports work as advertised. Matches my space grey laptops as well!
GREAT Product!!	This USB-C hub is incredibly lightweight and durable. It allows Samsung Dex integration and is made of very durable materials.It comes with a USB-C passthrough for power, 3 full size USB-A 3.0 ports, 2 SD card readersand a andd an full size HDMI port capable of outputting at 4K quality
Best USB C	This product is what I needed. Works great with Dell XP’s 2-1. Will recommend this product to anyone with laptop/tablet without USB
Lightweight, small	This adapter is my favorite amazon purchase ever. It’s super light-weight and the quality is just immaculate for the price! 10/10 would recommend to everybody
Very sleek design and multi purpose for file transfers	This is an extremely versatile & compact USB-C Hub; perfect for on the go. Very light weight and the metal housing feels to be built to withstand heavy daily usage. I would recommend this USB-C Hub to anyone switching to USB-C devices, as it supports anything I’ve tried plugging it into. Excellently assembled product!
Does what it should - Good buy	Really like this product. I bought this for my wife's new MacBook Air and it's great. I have a similar kind of product I bought a year ago and now I wish I had this, since it's way more slick and streamlined. This is also half the price of some of the other products I have seen. Highly recommend.
warranty	Love this little device, extremely handy for everyday daily use and great for travel. Won't find a better price in  market.
Good Product Amazing!!!	it works well and the stuff is great I like it Good
work for me	Nice compact dongle!
A+++++ Quality	I got this for my laptop. It only has two regular USB ports, so I needed a way to add more ports.This has worked out really well.This was an excellent purchase with multiple uses.
cheap and enough ports	I really like how sleek and smooth the device is— I wanted something not clunky but had enough USB slots for my hp laptop. I need to plug in a lot of USB devices for work and just never have enough slots. With this, I can use headphones, speakers, mouse, and more! I’ve used it for 2 days now with no problems.
Surprising quality	I have been using this for a over one week now and had it working trouble free. The feature that i like the most is the power charging port. I have a Macbook pro 2019 model and the charging works just like direct power. This essentially helps me saving one C type port on the laptop for other uses.The product itself is sleek and looks sturdy.Great Product! I will recommend to others.
Good quality	This product exceeded my expectations and is sold at a fair price. I would recommend it to others.
Perfect for my work from home setup	After working from home for the past two months with no end in sight, I decided to invest in a work from home setup - monitor, mouse, and keyboard. I needed a USB-C hub to easily connect it all to my MacBook Pro. This little beauty was perfect! I can now quickly and easily connect the monitor, keyboard, mouse and power to my laptop.
It Works	Quite light weight and feels sturdy. Worked without issues.
Great!	It is cute little hub which can also provide power delivery to mac book pro and dell xps laptops with USBC port enabled with power delivery. I verified with macbook pro and it worked fine. You can leave the charger to the hub and not worry about multiple connections to laptop. It does get hot as mentioned in specs when used for charging but and did not notice any smell.overall good product.
Does everything as advertised. High quality heavy aluminum finish. Like it a lot.	This is exactly what I was looking for. I needed a USB c hub for my Macbook Pro and this allows me to connect multiple storage devices along with an external monitor. Debating buying another!
Best bang for your buck!	USB Splitter works, and power injects perfectly into my Pixel 3 and iPad Pro!  Recommend for anyone looking for a sleek mobile high-speed USB Hub for on-the-go.
USB-C HUB	I bought this so that I could connect my laptop to my TV with an HDMI cable and use a portable mouse with my laptop. I’ve had no issues with either thing, and it has multiple USB ports, which is really useful. It’s small and portable too, and overall it gets the job done!
light weight, works great	Big fan of the quality and build of the hub. However, when testing it out, I noticed that the HDMI port was not working when I plugged it into my pc.
Very good	Build quality is great. All port works very well. Easy to carry.
The NYTimes Wirecutter recommended it as a best buy and they weren't lying.	Exactly what I was looking for! Small, good quality and price!
Nice quality	Very useful for Macbook
Perfect for MacBooks	Works perfectly!
Small and easy to use	I love this product. I got it for my wife because the one we had before was too bulky and yet the cord was too short. This product has every port she needs to maximize productivity. It's the perfect size and lightweight.
Good quality	Compared to its higher priced peers, this port was amazing! It also included 3 USB ports which helps me during projects to upload multiple items at a time.
Best bang for your buck!	It's beautiful and generous, with good hand feel and exquisite workmanship. The transmission speed is very fast. The mouse and radiator can be driven normally,
Great purchase	Just ordered this and its perfect! Totally gets the job done and I love the fact it includes a USB-C port so that I can plug in my wireless charger to charge my other devices. I just wish they made it in Pink! lol
Great purchase	instead of plugging a bunch of wires into my computer, I just plug in the USB-C adapter now. Much quicker and simpler wire management. Thanks!
Perfect for Mac!	Love this. When I’m working on graphic design, and need to make sure my tablet, pen, mouse, and a jump drive are all plugged in while still giving me room to charge... this does the trick! Would highly recommend.
Amazing product	Amazing item! Highly recommend
Initial opening	Very good product.
It arrived in 2days!	Bought it to use with my Macbook Air 2019, specifically for recording my guitar with a focusrite scarlette audio interface
Works like a Charm	I have a MacBook Pro (2019) and was looking for a USB-C hub that had HDMI, a micro SD and USB ports and this one works perfectly. It is very sturdy and reasonably priced. It is small enough that I can carry it in my laptop cover along with my power cord and adapter. It connects with my laptop with no issues. I have not tried connecting it to a power source yet so I can’t comment on how warm it might get. I’m very happy with it and would highly recommend it.
Lightweight, small	I plugged it in and it just works with my Surface Laptop 3. No issues so far.
Phenomenal HUB	This is a really good usb drive,I have a hdmi port for it which is also a nice bonus
Works as designed!	Item works as described on the new 2020 MacBook Air.  I've used the DC port, HDMI port, and USB ports to do a multitude of tasks, including transferring several large files, and it worked flawlessly.  I like that it matches the color of the space grey MacBook as well.
Great tool	I really like that this USB-C Hub is smaller compared to the other Hubs that I have seen. It’s the perfect size to take on the go.
Best USB-C Port on the Market!	The VAVA 7-in-1 USB-C Hub is a high quality, compact and powerful USB-C Adapter.  The compact and lightweight design is a pleasure to carry around.  The three USB 3.0 adapter gives ample of flexibility and speedy transfers to support all my devices.  Unblike my previous USB-C adapter from another company, the VAVA USB-C adapter charges my laptop, iPad, and iphone simultaneously without even getting warm to the touch.  The HDMI adapter also connects to my TV quickly to play videos.  This adapter will be the perfect companion for my 12" MacBook for long time to come.
Perfect for my work from home setup	Works great to add HDMI and a couple other main things missing for my surface pro. Small and light weight but made of aluminum and seems to be very well built. Should last me for a while. I use it mainly to connect via hdmi to my tv. No problems so far. Great value too.
Perfect for MacBooks	Portable and durable hub for accessing all sorts of older files on my smartphone.  This accommodates most of the common memory storage disks used over the last 20 years and it's simple to use.  Very helpful for retrieving information and memories.
Great Convertor	This is a good little hub. Brushed aluminum with plastic endcaps. Has three USB 3 on one side, the USB-C power pass-through and card readers on the other and a full size HDMI on the front. I tested the unit both with my IBM Thinkpad laptop and a Huawei phone and had no issues with either. The HDMI was immediate and crisp, the SD card reader worked fine with a Transcend 32 GB, and it made a nice OTG as well. The size, cost, and versatility make this a great everyday carry device.
Maximize MacBook Pro 2017 USB ports and free up cluttered cords occupying desk space	I've only been using this adapter for a few days, but so far it's been working quite well!  It's got an aluminum casing, so it looks great and feels very sturdy - it's a bit heaver than I expected, but certainly still extremely portable and pocket-sized.  It feels like it will hold up much better than the plastic name-brand adapter it's replacing, plus it has more ports!  I haven't tried the HDMI or card readers yet, but I've had no problems at all with the USB ports.  I appreciate that it has 3 USB 3.0 ports, so I can plug in a mouse and external storage drives at the same time.  The adapter didn't require any setup at all, which was very nice.  All in all, I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of this adapter, and for the price, it seems like it was a great deal.
Best USB-C Port on the Market!	I am always running out of USB ports on my laptop. This thing is a life saver at times. It works really well. It’s lightweight. It has a lot of extra ports. It is easy to pack up with my laptop and take with me. It doesn’t feel cheaply made. If you are looking for an extra USB port this one is a good one.
Lightweight & Portable	This little device handles everything I need to connect a secondary monitor, mouse, and keyboard to my laptop. It seems solidly built and handles my needs exactly as described.
Multiple features.	The product is very powerful. I have been using it for almost a month and it has brought me a lot of convenience. The speed of data transmission is very ideal, and it can charge my device. The price is also very affordable. I believe you will like it.
Works well	I needed a USB-C hub for my new MacBook Air, because it only comes with 2 USB-C ports. I chose this one because it was small and well-reviewed. Works perfectly! It offers all the ports I need without taking up much space.
Lightweight & Portable	With limited port access on my A1932 I had to buy this! Absolutely love the quality!
Good materials. Overall happy with this hub	My husband is uses this for work sometimes and loves it!  He has to teach a lot of classes and this helps him
Exactly What I needed	I bought this USB Hub for my MacBook. I like my MacBook pretty much because it's light and convenient. However, the cons is lacked sufficient ports. This USB Hub works perfectly for me. Product is exactly the same as the picture shows. It does not only have three USB ports, but also perfectly connect my MacBook to TV via HDMI. I used the SD card slots more since I transfer pictures and files a lot. Overall, this cool little guy maximum the usage of my MacBook. Good price and great quality.
Best hub for your buck!	Works great good quality very satisfied.
Perfect for Mac!	This hub is small yet full of ports. I am using it for my MacBook Pro and it works like a charm. It allows for your Mac to charge, display to an external display and connect all of the other USB ports. It has the exact functionality that I was looking for.
Good quality	So far it has not overheated or lost any drives plugged into it. I am pleased with it at the moment
connect phone to TV without breaking bank	I tested this hub with only my LG stylo. I am extremely satisfied as i was able to get everything section of the the hub to work except the hdmi. Sd, micro sd, usb ports all working and readable on my lg. Unfortunately my lg is not compatible with hdmi so i wasn't able to test it. But I'm sure this hub will be of value to my future phone.
Great tool	Product works great, shipping took a long time
Good Product Amazing!!!	Seems great so far. Light and portable
love	Everything I wanted and much better than the previous USB C Adapters I've been using.
Never need another hub again	This hub worked great with everything I plugged in to it, hard drive , usb memory sticks, camera memory cards. Everything worked perfect no lock ups or failures. I have a new HP Spectre which has only one USB-A which I use for my mouse, and two USB-C ports, so this hub was just what I needed. Quality is excellent and I Highly recommend it.
Very nice product!!!	Just received the usb hub, the build quality is nice and feels premium.All ports function well and worked seamlessly with my Macbook Pro 16.The cable could have been a bit bigger though.
USB 3.0 ports work good so far	This is obviously solid top quality electronics. The cord is solid. everything works great
Does what it's supposed to do	I mainly use this hub for SD cards and for external hard drives. It is very fast and matches perfect with my Mac Mini. Also, it works with SD UHS-ii cards. Highly recommended!
Perfect little device, but might want a wall charger with more wattage.	The material and feel are the most satisfying. It's very convenient to use with IMAC. The most important thing is that this model has a power supply interface. In the future, if you need power to drive the equipment, you should be prepared. USB recognition is fast and completely consistent with the experience of plug-in
Great tool	I really like the product, it very compatible and you could carry easily during traveling or vacation.
Great tool	Great for Presentation using iPad Pro
Never need another hub again	This is exactly what I was looking for! The device is small and does not get in the way when plugged in. The card reader and hdmi worked right when plugged in with no issues. For me, the hmdi even worked to show Netflix on my TV. The issue I encountered was  when I plugged my portable hard drive into the USB port, I could not get my files to pop up. I learned my drive was formatted as NTFS for my PC. I saved my files elsewhere and reformatted to fat32 which works on both operating systems. No issues now! It’s great, portable and does what I need it to do!
Amazing product	I really liked that it has multiple ports.
Small, inexpensive yet mighty!	I am very satisfied with this product, the price is affordable and very original, and makes me very satisfied with this product, I will invite all my friends to shop at this shop
Super Useful	This is perfect for my MacBook when I need to use devices that are not supported by USB type C
Time saver	Product arrived one day later than expected but it’s understandable due to the current circumstances with COVID 19. Great product, it totally fulfills my needs. Nice design, easy to carry for traveling. I would definitely look into other products that they might offer.
Great Utility at a Great Price	This product works nicely. We can take it with us anywhere we go. My husband just bought a brand new Apply Laptop and it doesn't come with a lot of ports. So we bought this external port for other ports we need for cameras, phones, and hard drives.Thank you so much. LOVE IT!
Sturdy, Lightweight, Metal Multi Adapter to View from varied input sources into your computer.	This is the ideal product if you have the MacBook Pro. I am not a tech savvy person but I know what I want and will research it till I figure it out. I had old sd cards that had precious pictures that I wanted on my computer not to mention being able to connect my flash drives for work. This item did it all in one small tool. Small enough for travel and big enough do do everything I need to do with multi ports. I recommend this product.
Good quality	Does whats its suppose to do, and feels pretty High Quality
Multi-Functional Adapter	Awesome, just what I needed. I bought this to connect my audio interface, phone, and other devices to my MacBook. Because there’s only two ports on my Mac they run out quick, also being able to charge at the same time is nice. The build quality is really nice, being made out of aluminum I’m guessing it’s a tad heavy (which I like) it feels quality. It came packaged very nicely too.  Overall no connection problems or problems in general great buy.
High quality and fits perfectly on my desk	Was looking for a small and sturdy USB C hub that I could use at work desk at home to reduce the clutter. This works perfect for my single monitor setup.Had to reach out to their technical support due to screen flicker, which was easy to reach.  Issue turned out to be simple dirt on the head of my cable.Pros - Power delivery, 3 USB 3 port, SD card and easily rechable technical support.Cons - No Ethernet and USB C port
Works like a Charm	This is a great solution for people with newer computers, especially laptops that may not offer all the necessary inputs/outputs that most people use. It's small and easy to carry in a laptop bag without being cumbersome and looks to be very sturdy. Another cool thing about this product is that I was able to connect it directly to my phone (Galaxy Note 10+) and use the HDMI output and connect directly to my TV. I would highly recommend this to anyone.
Excellent	I was impressed by the quality of the item for the price. The hub works well and delivers as advertised. The color matches my computer nicely (obviously, not a deal break and purely aesthetic vs functionality on that, but a good plus, none-the-less). The cable could be a bit longer, but I won't doc it points for something so minor, the overall and compact sleek design and great functionality more than make up for the underwhelming cord length... here's hoping that's also "what she said". (O_o)
High quality and fits perfectly on my desk	I was delightfully surprised by the build quality and also the look of this hub. I was considering alternatives that would cost twice as much but decided to go with this cheaper option based on the functionality appearing to be the same. The hub is very small and portable, space grey color and has a premium look with a simple logo.So far works the same as my official Apple usb-c adaptor but with more ports which was what I was looking for.
Great USB-C Hub	Pros: mulltiple inputs, good quality,Cons: runs warm at times, cable not long enough
Time saver	Solid design compact and looks great.
Multiple features.	Product as expected. Good quality compact size USB hub. Device contains all major ports which makes it easy to  connecting devices which we directly can't join to Mac Book. Must try value for money.
Tiny, but great!	I recently bought a MacBook air 2020 for my wife. She likes it so much. But MacBook Air has only 2x USB C/Thunderbolt ports and she definitely needs more than that. And especially, her midi keyboard is used regular USB A connection. So I've been looking for USB C hub for extra ports, HDMI and charging. I chose this USB hub and here is thoughts to share.1. Plug and play: No need any installation.2. 3x USB ports: I did't get a chance to read a speed but she said all worked fine. Her midi keyboard is recognized in both Mac and Windows at Parallels.3. PD charging: Charging thru hub works good.4. HDMI: She connects her 27 in monitor and it works perfect at 1080p.5.  SD and micro SD6. Nice finish7. 12 months warrantyVery nice and affordable USB C Hub for those who need more USB ports, HDMI and PD charging. Highly recommended.Only wish is they have different color to match her MacBook lighter silver color. :)
Very good	Beside having all the ports I need, it has a sleek design and goes well with my setup.
Best bang for your buck!	I purchased this adaptor for my new MacBook Pro, and I have been very happy with it so far.  It appears to be very well made, and all connections have worked well for me.  Seems to be a very good quality for the price!
Satisfied customer	High quality product.Works excellent.Im satisfied.
High quality and fits perfectly on my desk	I think this is the perfect hub for my needs.  I just purchased a MacBook Air (2020), and of course one limitation of this laptop is being limited to two USB - C ports.  This hub adds an HDMI outlet (great for powering some displays) and three standard USB ports which I needed for my backup drive, scanner and more.  It looks and fits great, and I find it to be very excellent value when compared to other options.
Matches the Space Grey Macbook Air	Good product, does exactly what you expect. HDMI port has come in handy.
Solid construction	It arrived in a nice, secure and clean looking package. If you need to neatly plug an HDMI monitor and several peripherals into your Macbook for desk work, this does the job well.
Multipurpose & Super Easy	I love my USB-C Hub. Feels high quality but very affordable. It's just the right size to fit on my desk or be mobile when I travel. I definitely suggest this for purchase.
Very high quality product!!!!	This product arrived on time. It looks to be made with good quality. The size is compact and looks elegant as well. I was specifically looking for a USB-C to HDMI dongle that has another USB-C on the dongle with pass-through charging capability. This dongle is a perfect fit for my needs and it works awesome, just plug-n-play. Finally, the price is also very reasonable for the functionality.
Perfect match for my MacBook	Its what i needed for my work
Excellent!!!	Jack of all trades. Works great, Convenient and easy to use.
Does everything as advertised. High quality heavy aluminum finish. Like it a lot.	Perfect form and built with needed slots for the usual ports that you need to connect your MacBook to external sources. Bang for the buck!
Works well	Works amazing!! Would buy again
Does its job!	Good product, does what it says. Was delivered on time. Very good price as well.
This solves the problem that there are only two USB ports in the notebook.	I purchased this so that I can connect my Switch lite charger and the Hori USB controller. The quality of this USB C hub is great and I love the color. I would definitely recommend it.
USB-C HUB	Product has a quality feel instead of cheap plastic like others. I can easily hook up the USB for my GoPro, mouse,  and external hard drive. Also hook in the HDMI to play movies from my TV without sacrificing the port to charge my computer. I'd buy again!
Very nice product!!!	Very sturdy yet sleek product! My laptop only has one USB-C port and this was a total lifesaver. Highly recommend!
This solves the problem that there are only two USB ports in the notebook.	The transmission speed is improved significantly, the mouse connection sensitivity is also very good, no delay.The light is very elegant when it comes on.
Very happy with it so far	This USB C HUB connects all my devices, great product!! Very easy to use.
GREAT Product!!	Works really well with my MacBook Air 2019. I was looking for a usb HUB for some time. this hub worth its money. I like the idea that it has HDMI port and SD card in it.
Powerful Device and Definitely worth the price!!	I recently purchased this at the same time as I purchased my new MacBook Air (2020). The laptop has two usb-c ports, a headphone jack, and that's it. This item gives me someplace to plug in an HDMI cable and regular size USB peripherals like my external hard drive, wireless mouse, and digital to analog converter for my home theater system.I really like this product. It is very light and is exactly what I hoped it would be. One small drawback I will give it is that my laptop doesn't seem to charge very fast when using the power delivery port, more like it just keeps its current charge, but that works just fine for me as well as I don't think I would really run into a scenario where I would really need it. I think this is a great product considering its price point. I thought about looking for a Thunderbolt 3 hub and decided against getting one since they seemed to all be over $100, and I am happy with paying under $30 for this little guy that fits my needs just fine.
Perfect little device, but might want a wall charger with more wattage.	It checked all of the boxes and had good reviews so I went with it, been a great device so far.
Small and easy to use	Very nice looking, very easy to use, love it.
I love it.	It makes my life simple as with new macbook you only get type c ports and also it got hdmi and fast usb port.
A must have to complement your laptop	Very lightweight, good value for the price. I like the silver to match my MacBook Pro. Easy to carry, plugs in easy to the computer. The ports work very fast (USB 3). I haven't tried the SD card reader yet but got it for backup since most laptops don't have that feature anymore and I Want to be able to save photos off my digital camera. Overall great value--I only need to carry this one adapter for all my needs (USB, flash drives, hard drives, video HDMI)
Exactly as described - No issues	Initially my USB camera and Track Ball connected to this hub did not work. but when I did it all over again it worked as expected. I love it as it eliminates all the clutter of hubs/wires on my desktop. Is small and light enough to carry around while traveling. Material and build quality along with the grey color matches with my Mac.
Never need another hub again	This is very useful for my MacBook Pro, which only has USB-C ports.  I have quite a few legacy devices that use the older USB plugs, so this has been useful in getting those to work.  Transfer speeds to an external USB 3.0 hard drive seem fast.  The card reader (only used the microSD) is speedy in its reading operation (haven't had occasion to write to a card yet).  The HDMI output looks good on my TV.  It has some weight to it, but isn't overly heavy, either.  It feels pretty solid and matches well with my laptop.  Overall, I am happy with this device.
Exactly as described - No issues	It works wonderful, I am sooooo happy that I made this purchase, I wish I would have discovered this months ago. Now this product legit replaces my Mac, now I am able to do 7 things at a time without carrying a Mac. This is the best purchase I have ever made!!! Totally recommend this product. Give it a try, you will never regret it!
love	great quality and great feel.
Does its job!	Looks good and does the job just as described. I just wish the usb-c cable which connects to laptop is removable, so that I can replace it with a longer cable.
UNSTABLE HUB! MISLEADING PROMOTIONAL ADVERTISEMENT IN THE BOX!	Let's be honest, these USB-C hubs all work pretty much the same, so the only real distinctions are: 1.) whether or not they suddenly explode due to low-quality materials, and 2.) design and form-factor.For #1, it hasn't exploded yet. It actually comes with a warning label informing the user that the hub can get pretty hot under heavy load from multiple connections, but so far it hasn't gotten very warm on me, so I don't think it'll suffer catastrophic failure any time soon (though you can expect to hear from me again if it DOES explode).For #2, this thing looks and feels nice. It has an elegant, no-frills design, wrapped in rounded, matte granite-grey metal with black plastic on both ends. The cord feels thicker than average, and the various ports and card slots are nicely spaced to prevent American Parking Lot Syndrome (c'mon guys, white lines do NOT mean "park on me." But I digress).Most importantly of all, the company logo doesn't look stupid, which is possibly the biggest plus you can get in this category of computer accessory. Seriously, some of the company names and logos on these USB-C hubs just scream "knock-off sweatshop brand," whereas the VAVA logo kind of reminds me of the Sony VAIO logo, which I have very fond memories of. For all I know, VAVA is ALSO a knock-off sweatshop brand, but heck, they sure fooled me. For the price, I can't rule out the possibility.So basically, it doesn't look embarrassing, and it'll probably outlast my supply of pandemic toilet paper. Smiles all around.... for now.
Does everything as advertised. High quality heavy aluminum finish. Like it a lot.	This adapter is just what I was looking for to keep my devices and computers charged.  There are multiple inputs to charge, use an extra monitor and other accessories.
Works great, compatible with numerous devices!	Way cheaper than most of the USB C Adapter out there.  Portable and be able attach 3 USB, 1 USBC, 1 HDMI and SD cards.
Perfect for Mac!	Much sturdier than I expected! Ports work well, no wiggling in the connections. Considering competing options do less (no SD or hdmi slots, etc) and sell for WAY more, this is an excellent choice to have on hand!
Great USB-C Hub	Very good quality, solid construction, perfect for traveling.
Great USB type C Hub	Very good, the hdmi is 4K as well and it looks beautiful on my 4K tv! Even though it says don’t charge your phone with the usb ports or anything else it still does a great job! Im able to plug my iPad Pro, iPhone and interface to my microphone for my home studio up into it. It wont charge my iPad pro but it still pops up for syncing purposes to my macbook.
High Quality USB Hub for new MacBook Pro	I just received my USB Hub for my MacBook Pro and I could not be happier with the quality and build. The color matches my Space Grey MacBook perfectly.Features:USB-C ConnectorSD / Micro SD 3.0 SlotHDMI PortPD PortThe product came within 2 days on Sunday after I ordered on Friday.
Exactly What I needed	Love this hub! Exactly what I needed to connect multiple devices to my MacBook Pro. Having multiple USB ports, as well as the USB-C port, HMDI & card slots is super helpful.Have had it for 2 weeks and every device has connected perfectly so far.
High Quality USB Hub for new MacBook Pro	The Matt gray USB C hub,plug and play, provides HDMI support. Works well with Microsoft surface book 2 and provides USB C power transmission. Feel disapproved of this purchase.
Definitely worth it!	I got this USB-C hub to replace an old one that I used to use for my 2018 Macbook Pro.  I couldn't pass up on the price when Apple charges the same price for a cable that only has one of the features that this hub has.The curved edges make this one look much more sleek than my other one, and it is overall pretty lightweight.  I do photography as a side gig, so transferring data on the SD card is very important, and not all hubs have SD ports. This one has both an SD and a microSD port.  There is also an HDMI port that is conveniently placed on the end of the port instead of one of the sides, which is much more useful when it comes to hooking up a display while also using the hub for other things.
Works as expected	If you're looking for a reasonable-priced usb-c hub that also has fast charging, give this one a try. Simple, yet necessary item for WFH during this pandemic.
Perfect	It is such a great, compact way to get all the usbs off my laptop and into one place. Works well! I have my monitor, webcam, mouse, and keyboard all plugged into the hub. Highly recommend!
A must have to complement your laptop	Had one just like it from a different brand for 3x the price and it required both USB-C imports on my laptop. That one eventually broke because you need to be more careful. This one only needs one USB-C so it is more flexible and less likely to break!
Cheap USB C Hub Solution for Macs	This is the first VAVA product that I have bought, so I wasn't sure what to expect as far as quality. As soon as I opened it I could tell that it was well built. The quality is great on this. It works great for my new laptop, which only has USB-C ports, which was preventing me from using my old keyboard and mouse. So I picked this up and I really love it. It charges my PC while also providing me the ability to connect older USB (3.0) gadgets to my laptop.I really like this product, and next time I am in the market for anything tech related, I will search for VAVA and see if they produce anything that fits my needs.
Working good for USB microphone on 2019 MAC book AIR	A very inexpensive way to get all the key features of a desktop dock-- power delivery, multiple USB ports, and HDMI. Works flawlessly and allows me to connect only one plug each time I sit down with my laptop.
Multiple features.	This hub is convenient for traveling. I love it because it has 7 ports which I am able to connect my Mac Pro, ipad and other devices. It is easy to use when I show my presentations. Great quality for the price.
Exactly as described - No issues	I bought this because I had too many dongles trying to set up my MacBook so that I can have an external monitor + keyboard + mouse. Its nice to have everything all in one.
I love it.	It is an awesome product and the data trasfer speed is so fast. I think this is a perfect product.
This solves the problem that there are only two USB ports in the notebook.	It really good exactly what I spect for my 2020 apple laptop to upload file. I would high recommend this item
Excellent	Nice design, exactly what I needed. All ports work well, and it feels sturdy yet very light.
Time saver	VAVA Is trusted brand from many years, Absolutely highly recommend product . Highly recommend this .
Sturdy, Lightweight, Metal Multi Adapter to View from varied input sources into your computer.	I recently purchased a monitor and i was unable to connect it to my monitor as my laptop  did not had a hdmi port.Looks like  most new laptops dont have an HDMI port.This product resolved it flawlessly. It also has 3 usb ports. I connect my wireless mouse and keyboard dongle to these usb ports and made it like a docking station. I have two laptops and all i do is just connect the usbc is port to my laptop and it takes care of mouse , keyboard and monitor. It made my life easier.Its so tiny and it can even fit in your pocket making it great for travel. Its like a mobile docking station. Highly recommed this for every body who has a laptop.
Easy to use and gets the job done	Product works well and has support for both mini and regular SD cards which is great. The three USB slots make it perfect for plugging in multiple devices and it has a great low cost compared to many other options out there. Also really like that the wire to plug it into my mac is durable and strong. All around great USB-C hub.
Excellent	This things is a life saver. Instead of me carrying around my heavy laptop to complete my school assignment I just carry around this. I plugged it into my galaxy s 10 plus and plug in my USB drive. I access my files and I can edit and type my assignments on my phone. And I was able to submit my classwork using my phone.
Great multi-port USB-C hub	I have been looking at hubs that to connect multi things at once like display, wired keyboard, charger and some times an SD card for my camera.This hub comes with all of that and comes in a nice packaging.The build quality for it is good and has good connections. I have attached a picture of using it and hides well behind giving it a overall neat look.Also use it to connect my phone.Overall happy with the product and the price I paid for it
Multi-Functional Adapter	The VAVA hub is lightweight and works perfectly.  I can plug into one of the USB-C ports on my Mac (Thunderbolt 3 if you are an Apple geek) and now my functionality is greatly expanded.  Running my HDMI, multiple USB 3.0 lines, and, importantly, my power in, through one port!  Leaves the others open.  Easily carried with me, it does everything I need including the occasional SD flash card reading when I take photos. Price was more than fair.
Nice quality	Very good product highly recommend!
awesome	This is a great, affordable and easy to use adapter for the new MacBook USB-C port. I can still use all my regular usb attachments.
Lightweight, small	I use it for my Samsung Galaxy Note to be able to work and I am able to add a work SD Card for my work files and a keyboard and mouse at the same . LOVE IT!!
Exactly What I needed	First thing, this adapter is tiny, around the size of a cigarette box.Second, amazing build quality, made of sturdy aluminum, seems it will stand a lot of travels.It connected without any problems to both my Dell XPS and to my iPad Pro with no problems, USB ports and HDMI works as intended. Highly recommended.
Does what is supposed to	This USB-C Hub works perfectly for my new macbook air 2020. It is very light and portable, which is also good for travelling with! With this USB-C hub, I no longer need to worry about about the connecting issue. I will strongly recommend this product.
Very useful, small and durable USB hub for my Microsoft Surface Laptop 3	The hub charges my Surface Laptop 3 (via my USB C port).  The 3 USB A ports really help me as my laptop only came with 1.  My thumb drives was fast read and writing via the hub.  Build quality is good as it is made out of metal and not plastic.  It's durable, has a nice feel in the hand.  The USB C plug fits tight into my laptop. Both micro and standard memory stick ports work fine.  HDMI port works fine too.  Small enough to travel with.  Highly recommended.
Very sleek design and multi purpose for file transfers	This multiple hub really made my job much easier and more convenient to use. Simply just plug it in to my type C micro USB laptop and start connecting all of my other HDMI, USBs, SD card and 1 DC in. This is great! I highly recommend people to use this one to make your job so much easier!
GREAT Product!!	I just bought a new MacBook Pro (USB-C) and while I love it, it's certainly annoying not being able to plug in all of my peripherals. This hub is an absolute must! It allows me to connect everything that I need to AND pass power through!  Solid build quality, super compact to easily take along with you everywhere, and all at a great price! If you've got a USB-C Mac, you need this device!
Good quality	Bought this for my Macbook. It's small, light and doesn't get hot even when using most of the ports all day. I recommend this for sure.
Maximize MacBook Pro 2017 USB ports and free up cluttered cords occupying desk space	This is super sturdy and durable compared to other adapters that I have used in the past. It also looks great and matches my MacBook Pro. It provides me with all the extra USB ports that I needed. The power delivery and data transfer seems to be at full capacity. There is no lag whatsoever with the HDMI connected to my Dell Ultrawide. Nice and simple and it gets the job done. I am very happy with my purchase. This will be my go to adapter at work.
USB 3.0 ports work good so far	I've had this device for less than a week. So far I've only used two of the three USB 3.0 ports on my MacBook Air 2019. I used one port for my external mouse and another port for my external hard drive. So far so good. I will update once I've used more ports.
Perfect	It is so great. I already have one usb hub but that is not working for him part, and so heavy.It is working all great and very light.Thanks
Works well!	Have been using it for over a week now. So far so good! No complaints. I use it to connect my Macbook Pro to an external 1080p HDMI monitor and a few USB peripherals. Works great!
USB-C HUB	This little guy packs a bunch, great value. I was having connectivity issues with my webcam with a different hub and this solved the problem, perfect data stream and the right price. I am thinking of getting another one for my other device!
Great multi-port USB-C hub	The perfect tool for your mac. I was very disappointed when I found out that Mac doesn't have HDMI port. First time Mac owner. This tool has been so helpful. I can actually use my Mac, plug in a USB flash drive or wired mouse. This is a great alternative to buying apple product. Great quality and good price. The cord is also a good size length to hide behind your desk if needed
Great Utility at a Great Price	Used the usb and HDMI ports so far and everything works great. Really surprised at the amazing quality. Definitely feel like a more expensive product.
work for me	Great quality, good product...
Its is a great USB-C Hub	Glad I finally got my hub requirements met by this lightweight device.  It has a working PD port that connects to my laptop's charger and provides the correct power amount just like the charger.  Device is made by nice material and is, did I mention, very lightweight considering the number of ports (HDMI, 3 USB, SD and MIcro SD.The device does get warm when connecting to power supply (charger) but it's acceptable.  (Also mentioned on the sticker placed on the device).All in all a great device for the price.  It comes with a warranty that surely adds to the value.
Does everything as advertised. High quality heavy aluminum finish. Like it a lot.	I got this to use it with my MacBook Pro, it did work great so far! im happy with my purchase!
Great Tablet Accessories	I purchased this product primarily to be be able to continue to use my USB mouse and since i am working from home now, be able to utilize a dual monitor set up which requires a HDMI port. This USB c hub is able to meet all of my device plug in attachment needs but is also compact enough for me to add it to my daily use backpack. The build quality is surprisingly sturdy but not overweight for its size. i am very happy i am able to get some sd card receivers so i can upload and download and store pictures from my sd cards. hard to find these days. Great product so far.
Does its job!	This seems to be built of amazing quality, very strong. It does its job what it is supposed to do, connects to my dell XPS seamlessly
Excellent!!!	This is exactly what it was supposed to be.  Works perfectly!
Works Great!	I love this USB-C Hub. It's compact but has everything I need for my MacBook Air.
UNSTABLE HUB! MISLEADING PROMOTIONAL ADVERTISEMENT IN THE BOX!	I have macbook pro 15 2016 and it has 4 usb-c ports. Wife's work laptop and daughter's laptop each have one usb-c port. Daughter's laptop does not have HDMI output though. There are so many dongles to choose. I am looking for one that can transfer power via usb-c (for macbook pro), have HDMI port, a few usb-A ports; a SD card reader will be nice; more important is that we like to use it for both mac and windows without glitch; I was thinking about getting a Lenovo usb-c 7 port dongle, which has same spec but cost almost 3 times to this one; Reading all the reviews I decided to give this product a try; Out of box it feels good quality, well made cable and connectors. Plugged into macbook pro and has usb-c power pass through the dongle. after prolonged use it did not heat up. Every port just works, external display via HDMI port is recognized right away without hassle, sweet! Next wife and daughter used on their laptops, it worked flawlessly as well. Wife used this to add 2nd monitor and daughter gets external monitor connected when she needs. Transfer speed through usb-A 3.0 port seems to be quick, no issues; I can see this is good for traveling given its compact size and sturdy cable / build. Hopefully it will hold up well for years to come;
Works well!	The adapter is very good and works well. The quality of the product is decent and it is capable of charging the laptop while acting as an adapter. Overall, it is a great product.
UNSTABLE HUB! MISLEADING PROMOTIONAL ADVERTISEMENT IN THE BOX!	The main USB connection is unstable connecting to my Galaxy S10+. Drops continuously by moving the hub. If you connect the power feed after pairing the device to HDMI, the phone start screaming that moisture detected in the phone's charging port!!!!!!! You have to connect the charger and wait; then start connecting the other ports. Then you'll see that charging speed drops to ZERO!I believe most of these 5 star reviews are because of a misleading note comes in the box which states that you MAY win $20 Amazon gift card if you give such a high rating. Amazon should stop such a game and let the reviews being mentioned honestly.
Works great	I got a new MacBook Air, but It only has 2 type-C, I am looking forward a hub could make it more powerful, it works very well.
Working as advertised	So far it works 100% as advertised, however, I plug my power cable directly into my MacBook since I move it around anyways.  Don’t see the need to run power through this adapter.  But 3 USB devices plus an HDMI monitor all I have to do is plug in one cable when I hit my desk and boom!
Matches the Space Grey Macbook Air	Just transitioned to a new space grey macbook air. I've been using my Vava Hub since there are only 2 USB-C ports. It's worked great so far. Does exactly what I need it to--nothing more, nothing less. Good value buy!
High quality and fits perfectly on my desk	I don't have alot of space for a hub, but when I purchased a new Macbook Pro, I had to choose something to extend to my TV as well as work with my USB-A drives.  This does it!  The price was appropriate and didn't break the bank.  As an added plus after buying it I learned that it also had a USB-C power input so I could plug my Mac power cord into it and have everything hooked up through one port.  I'm thrilled that VAVA was so efficient in shipping, pricing, and quality of products.  I won't forget it.
Sturdy, Lightweight, Metal Multi Adapter to View from varied input sources into your computer.	I have enjoyed using this device so far.  It is lightweight and portable.  You can easily fit it in a center console in your car, purse, or pants pocket.I recommend this product for anyone who is on the go, using devices for presentations with multiple devices, and for diverse data delivery.  It looks cool, too.  You will enjoy using this product, and it seems to be working well so far.
Phenomenal HUB	Quality, no need to look for others. Solid build, plenty of ports. Matches great with MacBook Pro.
Working good for USB microphone on 2019 MAC book AIR	This hub has great build quality.  Works well for the most part. Using a wireless usb mouse and flash drive or other external drive at the same time, the mousing gets a little erratic when reading from and writing to the drive.
Multipurpose & Super Easy	I use this as a docking station for my laptop so I can have an external drive, external monitor, charging port, and SD card access for an easier workflow. It’s lightweight and small so it would be great for traveling. Overall, a great value.
Very happy with it so far	Light weight.  Good price.  Works well.
Tiny, but great!	I bought this to use as a usb hub as well as an sd card reader. I don't use the hdmi, but it's nice to have if I ever do. Transfer speeds (for the usb drives) are approximately the same as the usb port on my laptop. Build quality feels really good. Doesn't feel cheap or fragile. All in all this is a very quality usb hub and one of the cheaper ones I found with all of these features. Only thing I would change, and this is an extremely minor nitpick, It would be nice if the short cable was a little less stiff. Other than that, I love everything so far.
Good Product Amazing!!!	This is small, portable and a great expansion for my Mac which only have USB-C inputs. It is even colored similar to the Mac so they “match.” I was carrying around USB adapters of all kinds but this is one tiny device that I can simply drop in my bag. Love it!
Does what it's supposed to do	The build is very good. I like the fact that I can charge while using it. Also works fine with samsung Dex on my note9.
love	This came in a nice package and matches very well with MacBook space gray color. Everything works as it should.
Good Product Amazing!!!	If you are like me and have 20 things plugged in to all of your computer Ports (I use both mac and windows PC, and extended monitors) , plugging in and unplugging all those cables could be very time consuming. This hub is a solution to that issue.Here is why i love this tiny hub.1. Size - very tiny but has more inputs than the comparable ones in Best Buy.2. Inexpensive - The comparable ones in retail stores sell for upward of 60 bucks.3. Portable - see #1.4. It has Inputs for both SD card and micro SD  card, which is a big plus. You can get rid of that micro SD adapter now.
Slim multi-purpose adapter for your MacBook Air	I used this product to have more USB ports and to hook up an extra monitor because I have a Mac. It is small and has nice design, not bulky. Nice travel size. I have had it for month and I am very satisfied with it. Good for price.
Perfect match for my MacBook	I recently bought a MacBook Pro, so I needed a USB-c hub. This one supports all the ports that you might need, including USB 3. It is very compact and light, too. Good choice!
Slim multi-purpose adapter for your MacBook Air	I was surprised by how good of a quality this USB hub came to be. It feels like an Apple-made device as it feels like an aluminum base (think MacBook air). As for its functionality, it works for its intended purpose and has met all my expectations.
Very sleek design and multi purpose for file transfers	1. Very well finished with the metallic feel it’s good2. The package was well presented and unboxing was impressive3. The USB c cable quality looked and feels very good4. HMDI 4K worked flawlesslyOverall very much impressed for the price .
Does exactly what I needed	This is a USB-C hub, and does what it says it will do. Things just work when plugged in. No surprises. It is discreet and easy to carry or tuck behind your laptop when using at home.Works as advertised. No complaints.
as advertised - good value	It is small and fast. Works great with the ports I need. Fits my 2019 MacBook Air.
It Works	Very good
Matches the Space Grey Macbook Air	Impressed with the look/feel of this hub. It already feels sturdier than the last one I ordered from a different brand, whos hdmi port stopped working after a few months. It is working great and has everything I need.
warranty	Amazing quality! Very stylish and well built!Strong and resistant cable. Easy to travel. Very nice color!
Mouse Receiver Doesn't Work	High quality USB C hub
Performed as advertised	I typically don't go out of my way to write reviews, but this product turned out to be perfect for me.  After buying my first MacBook Pro, I was pretty surprised that I couldn't charge my phone or hook up a wired keyboard.  I scoured the internet looking for the best-reviewed and most reliable usb c hubs to buy.  VAVA tended to always be on everyone's top list.  I went with this product and haven't looked back.
Great Utility at a Great Price	Bought this product for my 2019 MacBook Pro in order to avoid purchasing individual adapters, and it works great. I own more expensive HUBs for this kind of thing (~$150), which require electricity from a wall outlet in order to power certain USB devices, and I have to say that this little device functions just as well if you're only using it to connect externals HDs, SD cards, etc.. HIGHLY RECOMMEND + GREAT PRICE!
Mouse Receiver Doesn't Work	Product works exactly as intended. It is thin and feels solid. Very happy
light weight, works great	Small lightweight and easy to use; very pleased.  Would be ideal if the Company could design to include both a DISPLAYPORT plug and and HDMI plug :)
Good Product Amazing!!!	Product is as good as advertised.
Great Tablet Accessories	It's a good backup hub when I need it, or for the HDMI output. You will lose a USB-C port using it, as the one on the hub is only for DC input. One of the USB 3 ports doesn't seem to work quite right, not sure if it's just the one I have or it's a technical design flaw. (When I use a USB dongle on it with a wireless mouse, it lags and skips, but the other 2 ports work fine.)I plan on using this mostly for gaming. Connecting my laptop to a TV since my laptop doesn't include HDMI output and using the USB ports for controllers. It is working perfect for that.
Solid construction	I'm a fan of this job. I recently had to start working from home and my setup just didn't have enough ports. This hub has saved my life with regards to my temporary home office. It was a lot cheaper than other options.
Very high quality product!!!!	I bought this product as a USB-C port expander/4K video output to monitor/laptop charger for my office desk set up. I am totally satisfied with the product.You can fast-charge your phone or tablet while transferring files.With my Samsung Galaxy Note 8+, using this hub automatically puts my phone in "DeX" mode.I highly recommend this product, very satisfied.
Works great	Very useful and good quality product. Before I was using  seperate adapters for usb and memory cards  as my laptop has only type c ports .Now this helps me a lot as I can connect everything to dock and easy to carry my laptop.Great product
Satisfied customer	It’s really nice product ! And fast
Performed as advertised	This product did exactly what I needed it to first time.  Compact and  sturdy, and much less expensive than alternatives. Completely replaced a docking station only better because of USB-C receptacle. Would buy one again if I needed one.
Very high quality product!!!!	The VAVA USB C Hub works immediately as you plug it in, hiving additional ports and charging as well as allowing connection to TV via HDMI port.Its very portable and light, excellent for travelling and highest quality of build, I love the space grey color which match my new Macbook Air perfectly.Definitely the best choice for MAC, but also works perfect with my Windows 10 laptop
Does what it should - Good buy	The product is great.  I got this to use with my Samsung devices (Galaxy Note10+ and Tab S6) and to run them in DEX mode.  It is literally easy as plug and play.  I have been using the HDMI connection, as well as one of the USBs for my wireless keyboard and mouse, and the USB-C to keep my device charging while in use.The product does get a little warm when used for a long time, but that can be expected when some many things are plugged in.On a sad note, wired headphones did not recognize on my devices when connected via the USB-C on either my phone or tablet.
Its is a great USB-C Hub	I like how compact this adapter or hub is.  I use this to extend my display onto my 4k TV, and hook up wired ethernet (using a usb adapter) and my thumb drive.  It is very light and small, and I can have my laptop charging at the same time.  My dell XPS only has USB-C, so this saves a lot of dongles to keep up with and one cable gets the laptop ready to dock into all my accessories. I like the fact it is metal, because I have a 4 year old and 2 cats!
Perfect for MacBooks	This hub has been a lifesaver. I carry it with me in my travel bag of cords. This has helped me eliminate many individual cords and consolidate my bag.
Powerful Device and Definitely worth the price!!	I bought this hub for my iPad Pro (2020) to use mainly for the HDMI output. One word sums it up. Amazing. It transfers a 4k high definition image effortlessly with no lag time. The sound quality is great with a crisp clear image. Data transfer via the USB 3.0 ports is very fast as well. I have not used the mini sd card port or the regular SD card port, but if they work like the others, I am sure it will be great. The hub does not heat up much, just a little, but according to the packaging that is normal. Overall a great value. I am extremely happy with this product and will recommend to my friends. This will be the last USB hub you need to buy,
awesome	Great device, works well as described and delivery was faster than expected. Recommend it
Amazing	The USB-C hub works exactly the way  I think it should be.  I was able to use it because one of my USB ports went bad.  It is made with good quality.
Small, inexpensive yet mighty!	Just bought a new Mac Book Pro in the beginning of the year and I was really not expecting to only have USB-C ports in the computer. This is SO worth the money! Super easy to use and easy to travel with. Light weight and works very well.
Perfect for Mac!	Your new Macbook air or pro is missing a bunch of legacy ports, this hub will give you those ports!works great, no issues with the HDMI out and power input through one cable. looks good as well
Multi-Functional Adapter	Since my iPad Pro only has one USB-C port, having the Vava USB hub was helpful. One of the downsides of the new Mac products, such as the iPad Pro is this singular port, which does not allow charging while listening to music on headphones, for example. Another useful thing was having the HDMI capability. This allows me to use the iPad Pro to plug into a projector to show films and/or videos. Having the three USB ports is also useful in case you needed peripherals while using the projector (plugging into an external hard drive, speakers, or a microphone, etc.). Additionally, the quality of the transfer from my iPad to the external hard drive did not suffer while uploading a video to my hard drive. Overall, the Vava USB C hub is a great multi-functional adapter that extends the capabilities of any device that has limited USB-C external connections listed on its description.
Cheap USB C Hub Solution for Macs	Now that I am working from home, my home PC was moved upstairs so that I could have an isolated home office.  However in the evenings I like to spend time downstairs with my wife (and kids/grandkids) BUT I also like to do some light gaming and web browsing at the same time.I was able to use my phone (Samsung Galaxy S9+) to stream games from my PC to our TV downstairs, but the lack of a keyboard and mouse made it untenable, and streaming the game via wireless TO the phone and then streaming the video via wireless TO the TV reduced the streaming quality yet again.  This, however, lets me hook up a keyboard and mouse (and potentially ANOTHER USB device), HDMI to the TV AND KEEP THE PHONE CHARGED.  Everything works! AND I am able to play Magic The Gathering:Arena in the living room and STILL get to be with my family.  The only thing that would make the experience better now would be to change the network connections on both the PC and the phone from wireless to wired.  And I think they have a version with Ethernet as well!!
Multi functional	I bought this to use as a usb hub and as an sd card reader. Very compact, sleek design and multifunctional. Its great to carry around and very well made. Affordable and made with sturdy materials. This hub works with Mac and other newer laptops too.
Phenomenal HUB	Great material, Sleek and smooth and working perfectly. Better than all the hubs I had to throw away
Lightweight & Portable	I simply needed a hub that would allow me to transfer pictures videos and other such data to and from my cell phone.I discovered that I might be able to add my other monitor via the USB-C port and bought this product in hopes of it working.
Its is a great USB-C Hub	This works extremely well with my MacBook Pro! I've been looking for something like this because I needed something to read my SD card(s) to write payloads for my class. It's been of tremendous use for me and I use it almost everyday. I have no issues using this.. It's a high quality USB hub. You could even use it as a display adapter between your Mac and TV if you wanted, which is cool. I'm glad this doesn't take up more than 1 port, so I can use the other ports for other things too
Great!	Unlike the old days, most of the new laptops lakes ports. If you want to do anything productive, you need this. Adds 3 more usb 3, sd/tf card lots, and more importantly, a 4k hmdi type c adaptor!!! When you have a good monitor and a laptop, you need this hub. Recomends.
Exactly What I needed	This little gadget is exactly what I needed.  I bought a new laptop that only had USB-C ports.  This handy little gadget allowed me to expand to 3 USB ports to connect additional peripherals.  Plus the HDMI port was extremely handy to connect my PC to my large screen TV so that the whole family could watch my daughter's virtual graduation.  But wait, there is more.....the SD and micro SD card slots are great as they allow me to quickly copy pictures from my cameras SD card.  I couldnt be happier with this item!
Initial opening	I bought it for my MacBook and it’s worth it
light weight, works great	I bought this for my new iPad Pro so I can connect it to my tv. Works great and I can charge my iPad at the same time. Great value!
Works great, compatible with numerous devices!	Was not able to plug into my IPad Air the did not have apple end but android connectionWish they had said not for apple products but it doesHow do you connect with i popper end to plug int0 air padEWill look again
Satisfied customer	All the ports work well. Works seamlessly with my Macbook 16"..
Very sleek design and multi purpose for file transfers	I really like how universal this product is, I have used some usb type c hubs from other companies when connecting my ereader to my MacBook and it would never appear in my files application. With Vava's hub type c, my MacBook detected it instantly. Furthermore I really like the material for the type c hub, it really is metal and not just some gray plastic covering, making it feel even better. Additionally, it's really portable, and I like this because I tend to pack a lot of things when I'm going somewhere so that is a plus! Lastly, they even offer extra warranty for free when you register your Vava usb type c hub at their website, I really appreciate how thorough they are in their products!
Time saver	The goods have arrived!I read the manual, there are 3 USB ports, a computer interface!That's just what I want.But USB looks small, connected to my laptop is very clear, easy to install, powerful!
Works great	Love the device! It even came a few days before expected delivery date. I've hitched my ipad, iphone, and an external computer monitor to my macbook from it seamlessly. The color is a little bit darker than the space gray but nothing too jarring.
Perfect for my work from home setup	I received it today and plugged it straight in without any issues. I have a MacBook Pro (2019) and needed to connect a camera and microphone. With both connected through the hub, there was no delay or lag and the quality was great. Would definitely recommend this product based on the simplicity, quality, and price.
Works as expected	I basically just needed to be able to charge my iPad Pro while using a peripheral device. This product does exactly what I need and then some for a very reasonable cost. I have some other Vava products and they’ve all been great.
A+++++ Quality	Seems to work great so far.I love that I do not have cables spread across my desk from multiple devices being plugged into various ports.Great product!
Small, inexpensive yet mighty!	Awesome usbc Hub. I use this every day and so far it's great. Many uses for me
cheap and enough ports	It works fine with my new laptop with USB-C port. Build quality is surprisingly good, feels solid, USB-C connects snuggly into the type C port, and no issue with any other ports after start using them. I'd buy the adapter again if my girlfriend ends up getting a new MacBook Pro or Macbook Air.
Works Great!	I Just received this product and it works great, it was also shipped really fast.
Perfect for Mac!	You need this if your laptop connect with many USB. Exactly how it describes on the website. Anyone can use without any problem. Just plug it in, more than convenient.  Moreover, because it was so small, so it can carry easily. A very good item. Recommend.
awesome	its small and compact, great for travel. made out of nice durable metal and great combo of ports i need for my laptop.
Good Product Amazing!!!	This is a nice little 7 in 1 usb hub that has plenty of usb 3.0 expansion.  Durable, and easy enough to toss right in to the laptop bag or suitcase.  Very useful hub.
Good quality	Standard laptop adapter. Works well and is fairly lightweight
connect phone to TV without breaking bank	This is fantastic ! Having an Apple computer, it is so difficult to be able to do things without unplugging and plugging in because there are so few USB ports. This was so helpful. I am so glad I purchased this
Great Convertor	I will start by saying that you should not base your purchase solely on the 5-star rating. This hub comes with a certificate offering customers a $20 Amazon gift card in exchange for a 5-star review. This is the only reason a wrote a review in the first place. I went through the process and, about 3 weeks later, I haven’t heard back from the company about that gift card. Granted, after 3 weeks of use I can honestly say it’s a pretty good product. Data transfer speed is just fine. Here’s my original review:I bought this little hub for my iPad Pro so that I could make music on something that felt more like a laptop. It does exactly what you need it to do. Currently I’m using the 3 USB ports for a wireless mouse, MIDI keyboard, and to send an audio signal out, all while keeping my iPad charged through the USB-C port. Still need to test data transfer speed though, as I also plan to use this to move files to an external drive. The size is perfectly compact, I can carry this thing around in my bag and effectively use this tablet as a laptop computer. The only downside is that the USB ports themselves are not effective chargers, so don’t expect to charge 2 or more different devices at the same time, this is more of a tool for people trying to connect several pieces of hardware to one system.
Amazing	The product is very portable and comes in a great dark grey color. I have a MBP with only USB C ports & I have been using this to connect my mouse and SD card. The product has worked great so far.
Perfect for MacBooks	I often need to use the hub in my work. This hub is the most suitable one I buy. It has favorable price, complete functions, simple use and beautiful design. I like it very much
Never need another hub again	I've had a fair share of USB hubs in my day, but so far, nothing has had the combination of compact design, and great build quality and functionality as this Vava one.I wanted to save a few bucks so I ordered this one which was not brand name. I thought it may have some setbacks, like cheaper parts, overheating, etc. However, this performs as well, if not better, than the OEM apple ones. I have one that I had purchased for my wife and I tried them both at the same time, HDMI out, charging the laptops, and using a USB device. This ran JUST AS COOL as the apple one, and even better IT HAS MORE PORTS!Less money, same quality, and more ports? I'LL TAKE IT!
Small and easy to use	The hub has worked flawlessly with my Surface pro7.
cheap and enough ports	Found the connectivity to be really useful with more ports than my original unit from a different vendor. Solid USB-C into Apple Macbook and allows for all the items I have on my desk to connect with one dongle. HDMI, USB external hard drive, power, and even option to read SD and micro-SD card. Looking forward to using it during the next presentation as it makes things super simple now.
Easy to use and gets the job done	Received it vert fast and very usefule and works well
Good materials. Overall happy with this hub	The function to cut out the additional USB device when data is being transferred needs to be added if it requires more than the power the device can supply. I was transferring data between two USB devices, one with self-powered and the other without power. While the data transfer, I connected an additional USB device, all the devices were disconnected and all the data got messed up.
Its is a great USB-C Hub	Amazon has a lot of USB-C hubs for sale. I actually initially purchased another brand but it was defective when it got here so I ordered this one instead. I am very pleased with it. It works flawlessly, is sleek, and is super fast! You won't regret buying this USB-C hub. I don't know anything about the power for charging devices (I won't use it for that) but transferring data is super fast!
Does its job!	Compared to other options in market, was initially sceptical if this relatively economical option would be as effective, but was surprised to notice how quick it was to hook up and get going! It’s so compact that it’s impressive how it has 3 USB, 1 HDMI option atop the other not as routine use features. Highly recommended!
What's not to like?	This is much smaller than I imagined which is nice. It works on my iPad and allows me to do so much more now!
USB 3.0 ports work good so far	Good portable USB hub for my laptop. 7 in 1 has pretty much all the ports that I need. Color goes well with my laptop too
Lightweight, small	Great product . Multi purpose . Highly recommended
Very good	Great product works as expected. Feels solid.
connect phone to TV without breaking bank	I was looking for an adapter for my MacBook pro and this is a really good one. It keeps same style and looks awesome.Materials are great. I love you can plug/unplug everything just using 1 plug in your laptop. DC in works fine and it does not overheat or something.3 USB ports are really cool if you work with any external HD and wireless mouse or any other device at the same time.This is a really good product with a really good price.
It arrived in 2days!	plugged in and worked immediately! I bought this when the first adapter that I bought from a different company didn't work
Great office addition	Highly recommend this usb hub very good price and a useful product!!
Perfect little device, but might want a wall charger with more wattage.	Perfect addition for Mac accessories it matches the space gray macs perfectly and is super lightweight and portable the USB’s work like a charm allowing me to finallyyy connect my wired accessories to my Mac I highly recommend this usb hub as it is very well priced and serves its purpose you can easily connect your Mac to a monitor now highly recommend I will buy again for other accessories
Quick and easy	Quality and build
Multi functional	This is a very nice USB hub.  Works great, easy to setup and looks very stylish.  I had no problems connecting it to my laptop, and all devices connected to the hub worked as they should.  Definitely worth the cost and very happy with my purchase.
Perfect match for my MacBook	A nice compact item to expand the use of my Mac! Love that it has a place for photo cards!
Works great for my PC	I only used the product once but it was great! Connected my ipad pro and hard drive perfectly. It also feels very light and small.
Works great for my PC	Works so well! Just as you would expect!! Great price point!
It arrived in 2days!	It arrived in 2 days and works great so far! Worth the money. looks nice as well.
Exactly What I needed	I have a MacBook that comes with only one USB C port so it's a bit challenging for me to use my hard drive. I previously ordered some small converter that I can use my hard drive but I kept losing them. I think this hub is a great purchase that can convert my USB C to:- One USB C port- One HDMI port- One TF card slot- One USB PD port- Three USB 3.0 ports- One memory card slotOverall, for the price, it is a great product. The size is perfect as well!
Works like a Charm	I recently upgraded my computer after ten years and was disappointed to see that all the ports were removed. Luckily, someone recommended this Hub to me and I don't have to worry. This hub makes it super easy to connect all of my devices, including inserting my SD card to import photos/video. I'll be sure to recommend it to anyone else who worries about losing all their ports.
Powerful Device and Definitely worth the price!!	After a comprehensive search, I bought this USB-C hub to connect an external keyboard to my Surface Pro X, and it works perfectly. The colors complement those of the SPX. The 100 W Power Delivery USB-C port makes it possible to charge my SPX through the hub, which is great in case I forget, or don't want to carry, my power adapter. The hub is well-built and a great value for the price compared to other hubs. I highly recommend it if you need a hub on-the-go. I'll likely only use  the Power Delivery port, the USB-3 ports, and the microSD card slot. Although the hub has an HDMI port, I wish that it had an Ethernet port, instead, which might be marginally more useful. The HDMI output at 30 Hz is unusable for moving images, such as a mouse pointer. There's severe, disorienting lag. Otherwise, this is both a highly affordable and must-have accessory for SPX owners who need to connect peripherals but don't have a dock or need portability.
Perfect match for my MacBook	Exactly what I needed for my MacBook. 3 USB ports are the best feature since most adapters only have 1-2. Nice material quality as well.
Satisfied customer	Works as advertised. Plug and play, excellent quality.
Perfect for my work from home setup	The product just arrived today, was in a rush due to COVID-19 and work from home situation. Needed to have a HDMI extension on my new monitor. The product worked pretty well, the display is pretty good and it is super easy to move the dock around the disk for different purposes. Additionally, the hub is super lightweight, you wont even feel it.
Works great!!	This was just what I needed, a light weight, compact but well built hub. It has all of the connections that I was looking for to be carried in my backpack while traveling for work.
A+++++ Quality	Good design. Can't complain. Have any suggestions? Less USB and an Apple lightning port. Very handy to have a hdmi port for phone and stuff.
Amazing product	Product received, nice one.
This is a great product	I have a 32" 4K monitor and was looking for a USBC connector to connect to my Mac. This is a great product. Haven't had any complaints.
Perfect for MacBooks	All USB type A ports are high speed/3.0Compact sizeEasy to travel with
Very good	Handy little device that met all my needs for my new MacBook Pro
Working as advertised	This is the worthiest thing i bought from amazon. It is so versatile and reliable for my PC gaming and works exactly as it should plus it has a lot of ports. Now i can play fortnite on a wider screen. Thank you for providing high quality products in a cheaper way. The best!
GREAT Product!!	I just got the device about 20 minutes ago. It's compact and lightweight. I've tried out the three usb-a ports, the pd pass-through charging, the HDMI output and the SD card reader (basically, I've tried everything but the micro sd card slot).  Everything works without any issues. Hopefully it will be durable too!
cheap and enough ports	Very compact size for traveling, this is exactly what I needed for a business trip when I have to prepare presentations and transfer Work documents and present a project on a projector using my Mac computer. I have been using it quiet a few times, haven’t noticed any problems so far. Highly recommended.
Works great for my PC	Product arrived on time and works perfectly! So easy to leave everything plugged in to the hub and only have 1 plug for my MacBook when I get back to my desk. Highly recommend this product.
Good customer service	Product feels solid with good quality built. USB-C plug holds in snugged on the laptop. So far so GOOD! Works as expected.
Works great for my PC	This little guy is perfect! My husband has had to work from home lately and this has come in handy! The HDMI worked well for his extra monitor and he could even plug in the keyboard and still charge his phone. Love it!
Does exactly what I needed	There is literally nothing to dislike plus up to my tv fine. Attached to my note 8 and note10+ both worked fine. Usb-c charging is fine when use the extra usb-c port to watch a movie or something. Can't wait to go on vacation to try it out randomly!!!
awesome	sleek compact and just works. As someone that isn't tech savvy this is just what i wanted.
It Works	Ok good
Works as advertised!	Looks and performs as advertised. Simple to use.
cheap and enough ports	First fo all that package arrived pretty fast. I open it and there was pretty good wrapping for usb c hub. The usb c hub was  good that making with shining smooth metal. Personally I prefer electrical stuff make with metal than plastic.I had a Mac mini that came with two USB port, now have few more USB port. I have used it a week. Everything was doing perfect. I found a  different way to used it which it worked on battery bank. Now I shared battery with family when going to hiking and park. That's awesome!
Works great!!	This hub is working perfectly! I have a couple others that I use, but this one is much better. It also allows for your laptop to charge (I'm using a Macbook Pro 2019). It's easy to set up and also it's great for travel.
Works as expected	Has worked great so far. Super convenient for my laptop with a bunch of devices.
cheap and enough ports	I didn’t know what to expect from this product other than it had good reviews and features that I wanted. Upon arrival I am very impressed with the build quality and glad to see that is not cheap plastic made to look nice. It has a nice hand feel and hopefully will perform well.
The NYTimes Wirecutter recommended it as a best buy and they weren't lying.	It works great for the computer.  Quick and responsive.  Does what it needs to do and works without any problems.
Good customer service	This c USB-C hib is exactly what I needed for my 2018 Space Grey Macbook pro. Quality materials and build, lightweight and portable, has plenty of needed outlets made with latest tech for data transfer and power input/output. Very satisfied. Was expecting a brushed metal look same as the MacBook, and it fell short a little bit....but it's pretty close in looks,
Multi-Functional Adapter	Very compact and feels like a well made produce.  It comes with a USB-C port which is connected to the power, and HDMI for the display. It has 3 USB ports for keyboard, and other accessories (flash drive, mouse, etc). And it only take one USB-C port and I could use the other port for another hub. Some hub will use two USB-C to get 7 input and this one is really nice to use only one.Everything works smoothly after connected and the grey color match the grey laptop very well.This hub not only works with Mac but any usb-C connected device like newer laptops and such.Overall, i really like the product and it well worth the money and much cheaper than the official 3-1 hub from apple.
Good Product Amazing!!!	I do not use the TF card or SD card slots. The usable ports are three USB-3 (which work well) and a HDMI port. The only USB-C port is labeled "DC IN", and the manual shows it as "Power delivery fast charging for your laptop". While it may be important to use for pass-through charging for some laptops, I did not need that. This means that I do not get a USB-C port back to replace the one that I used to connect the hub.
Works great	Easy to use and works flawlessly.
Perfect for MacBooks	I finally found a great product at a good price to use on my Mac. This is definitely a one stop device
Works great	Small, behaves exactly as expected, and works on my Dell XPS laptops. Happy to have made this purchase!
Performed as advertised	It's nice and compact, great to keep with me for traveling since it is so small. My HP Spectre only has one USB port, but that doesn't matter anymore with this Viva and the thunderbolt port. It was super fast to transfer my photos and videos from a SD card.
Performed as advertised	Very good a product, want to recommend to friends, appearance frosted material, feel very good,very delicate, also convenient to carry, can be inserted at the same time a few devices do not interfere with each other, can automatically identify, l personally like this, used for a period of time, the performance is very stable.
Great USB type C Hub	Nice material and design, great functionality with my ipad pro!
Works well	Works great with my MacBook. Much better than my previous USB C hub. Doesn’t get hot and much sturdier. Allows me to connect all my accessories and supplies power to my MacBook at the same time.
Performed as advertised	The packaging of this item was well put together. The usb-c was covered in a plastic to make sure no particles go inside. The packaging in itself seemed very high quality. The product worked the second it was plugged into my MacBook Pro. It responds accordingly to the commands and did not give me any issues. I recommend this product to anyone who wants more ports to use for their computer. Totally worth the buy.
Multi functional	This is a fantastic USB-C hub for a price way better than a lot of other competitors.  This has more than enough ports to make up for the lack of physical ports on most of the new laptops.  I have had no issues whatsoever after almost 2 weeks of use.  The build quality is also a plus, this feels sturdy and well made, also matches very well if you have a space grey computer.  I’ve recommended this hub to family and friends who are struggling with the lack of ports on their computers.
connect phone to TV without breaking bank	Love that it's portable and works as an adapter for so many things. My GoPro and car dash cam uses SD adapter and for work a USB flash drive and these work great since the MacBook air uses usbC now
light weight, works great	Gotta love this product, especially with it giving me access to USB 3.0 ports to make the best use of my flash drives
Working good for USB microphone on 2019 MAC book AIR	Works wonders! Love I can charge multiple items at once. Excited to be able to use it on trips!
Works as advertised!	Item arrived on time and performed as expected.  Great help for connectivity.  I especially like the added 3 USBs.
Multipurpose & Super Easy	Works well enough but I have to wait for MacBook Air to fully boot before closing the lid or it won’t sync with my external monitor or shut down properly.
Very useful, small and durable USB hub for my Microsoft Surface Laptop 3	This adapter hub is not only powerful, it’s super fast. I’m using with Chromebook and it’s pretty straightforward and surprisingly seamless to integrate into my daily work routines.It has varied ports and can do almost everything but the dishes. When pushing data the speeds or transfer rate is faster than anything I’ve seen. Makes me wish I had bought much sooner than now. It also has memory card slots for the most common types of memory chips.
Works great	The newer macbook models only have usb-c, whereas I have dongles and cables of all other types. This reduces the need to have all of those connectors to different ends as it is reasonably priced, does the job, and doesnt knot up in my bag!Would recommend.
A+++++ Quality	I can't believe that it has so many functions. I only need a few of them. I tried to insert the SD card. The transmission speed is very fast and there is no exception at present.
Lightweight, small	Used this product as an adapter for a Surface Laptop 3. Very good interface for HDMI connection to a video monitor. Material is nice and solid.
Perfect	I very much love this! it makes my computer work much easier
Tiny, but great!	If you hate to plug and unplug all USB cables and an LCD screen to your laptop always when you take your laptop from home or the office, this product will be a perfect choice for you. When I checked the price of the original USB-C docking station for my Lenovo, I started plugging and unplugging all my devices (mouse, keyboard, LCD, charger, etc.) every time I was going with the laptop to my clients.But finally, I found this inexpensive solution that changed my life.This is very small (smaller than the size of a credit card) USB-C docking station (hub) that works great with laptops. You can connect three USB devices,  LCD Screen (HDMI), SD card, microSD card, and charging port (USB-C).You do not have to install anything and it works perfectly after connecting to the laptop. The quality of the product is amazing comparing to the price. USB 3.0 ports are fast and reliable, HDMI output works great with my external screen, and finally, I do not have to use a separate SD card reader.If you do not have your USB-C hub yet, this one is really cool.
Working good for USB microphone on 2019 MAC book AIR	Just purchased a new MacBook Pro so needed this for connecting USB, USB-C, HDMI, and SD Card.Works perfectly. Surprised and pleased by the small size, the quality of materials, and the modest cost in light of the quality. Nicely done.
Best USB-C Port on the Market!	It's small and packs a ton of punch! It's easy to just toss in my bag so it can be with my computer *and* it has a DC in so that I still have another USB-C port on my Macbook Air for high-speed hard drives or other USB-C accessories. This gives me literally everything that I need from a USB-C Adapter.It's even better than the one provided by Apple!
Super Useful	I was looking for a usb which works as a hub for my MacBook. This works perfectly as my MacBook doesn’t have sufficient slots to work with. I tried the HDMI and USB slot and they are working as expected. Would like to try remaining slots when needed.
Maximize MacBook Pro 2017 USB ports and free up cluttered cords occupying desk space	This is the exact product I was looking for years to work with my MacPro. I had to plug external devices so often with and with Thunderbolt ports I didn't find many extension points. This is a great product that looks really fit to my MacPro surface (product texture). On top of this what satisfying me the smoothness of the device.Overall a Great Product. Keep Up the good work
Works well!	Not much to say other than it works exactly as described. No complaints. Build quality feels great. Doesn't actually get that warm for me either. Highly recommended.
Does what it's supposed to do	This usb-c hub does it's job very well! It stays cool, it has plenty of additional ports, and the build quality is great!
Compact, well made, easy to use	Bought this to use along with a small laptop which doesn't have enough ports. Easily connect second monitor with HDMI port and 3 USB Ports. Price was less than competitors so would recommend to all in need of a USB hub.
Perfect for my work from home setup	I bought his USB C Hub for a Macbook Pro 2018. It has a good range of ports to use (1 HDMI, 3 USB ports, 1 SD card solt, 1 TF or MicroSD card slot) for the price. The device is compact, has a Space Gray finish which matches Apple Space Gray color. I was able to use all ports at the same time without a glitch. Its a good and inexpensive option.
Very nice product!!!	This product is perfect. Very lightweight perfect for travel! It even comes in a small lightweight box that would be perfect to store in while traveling. I am very impressed and happy with my purchase.
Initial opening	It's versatile and efficiently designed.
Nice quality	Good product and delivered on time.
Perfect for my work from home setup	I was worried about getting a new laptop that didn't have an HDMI port or enough USB ports. But this product put all my worries to bed. It is so handy and easy to use. I haven't experienced any over-heating either. It is extremely useful and works perfectly on all my devices. I would definitely buy again.
Lightweight, small	I like this product! Compare to my previous USB C hub, it isn't warming up. HCMI connection also doesn't have any problem. Recommend you to buy this product!
Works well!	I used VAVA for transferring data between my phone and flash drive and laptop, I like the travel size and also the speed of data transfer.
What's not to like?	I use this with my MacBook Pro to connect keyboard and mouse usbs as well as an external monitor. It works as intended and seems reasonably priced. It’s light weight and durable enough that I can move my laptop around without it falling out or getting scratched up.
Does exactly what I needed	This works great with my MacBook pro. It was so annoying for me that I had only 2 usb c and I had to switch my connected devices in and out. Esp now with working from home, I constantly need my mouse and my external hard disk to be connected. This hub certainly gives me more flexibility to connect everything I need. And with the HDMI adapter I can connect my notebook to my projector device easily too. I like the color and design of this hub, simpleand elegant.
So far, so great	allows me to extend my macbook to use a desktop while using a usb a style keyboard and mouse/trackball. Works as intended. No issue so far. Only using the keyboard for now.
GREAT Product!!	Very light.There's a USB port, there's a type-c port.It's very convenient.too fast.The product is well packed.The texture feels good.The setup is simple.No installation is required.Plug and play.Beautifully packaged.The material is resistant to wear.The workmanship is exquisite.The design is novel and light.Easy to carry.Can read SD card and TF card at the same time.The device can be charged while transmitting data.
A+++++ Quality	This USB C Hub is a life saver.  I have a MacBook Pro with only 2 USB C ports.  This hub allows me to plug in my mouse, keyboard, and external monitor for my home office setup.  It is made of high quality materials and does not overheat.
Perfect little device, but might want a wall charger with more wattage.	Likes:Small but FunctionalHas enough ports for my needsFully compatible with my Dell XPS 9300Dislikes:None so far, but maybe for some the 30hz for 4k may not be enjoyable.Not really a dislike but for my Dell XPS 9300, the standard 45W charger isnt enough to power an external Hard Drive and a Bluray Drive plus charge my laptop all connected at the same time.
Multiple features.	Can be used for multiple features. Very handy product for all.
Does what it should - Good buy	Knowing most apple branded products are expensive especially when it comes to accessories is an another added cost.I got my USB C HUB and decided to try if everything worked like it is supposed to. To my surprise, it actually worked! Its the best decision I made as I was not willing to go above $60 and it something anyone would want to have when buying for a MacBook.My favorite thing is it has a lot of ports you can use and has an HDMI port you can connect to. Great price for a compact design. It works fine as any apple brand accessory. Highly recommend for those who need this!
Lightweight & Portable	I just received this in the mail and couldn’t wait to test it out! I was surprised to see how easy it’s to set up, just plug and play. No additional drivers were required or any difficult set up. It works as promised. I test it out transferring data and it was pretty fast. The HDMI port worked perfectly to add a third screen to my set up. Overall very happy with the purchase!
Very High Quality!	We had purchased quite a few extensions for my laptop and it was super annoying to have so many things plugged into my MacBook pro. With this, I am able to have minimal plug ins, which was great.
UNSTABLE HUB! MISLEADING PROMOTIONAL ADVERTISEMENT IN THE BOX!	I have one year old HP Pavilion laptop. I need additional USB port space, so I thought this hub would be ideal. I plugged it into my USB3 port and then plugged in an external HD and an external DVD. I copied data from the DVD to the external HD and it continually froze saying that one of the file couldn't be written because it was a non-writeable disk (which was not true). I would click the Try Again button and then it would copy. I worked with it for a couple hours, but continued to get the same behavior. I disconnected the hub and attached the two externals directly to the laptop and had no issue. I will be returning the hub.Update: after seeing my poor review the company contacted me and bent over backwards to make it right. Have adjusted my review to reflect the excellent customer service.
Multipurpose & Super Easy	Exactly what I needed for my MBP 2019. Good price. Wish they had the exact same model, but with more USB, less SD, but still the best bang for the buck.
Super Useful	No idea why Apple made our life difficult and changed all the ports to USB-C in new macbook, but this device is handy and will make your life easier. I was able to use it as a hub and connect HDMI, keyboard, mouse and SD card directly to my mac. It does the job perfectly and I would recommend it to everyone.
Quick and easy	Got here quick. Works well.
awesome	Love this hub.  It is smaller than I expected, which is great! Slim and sleek design with all the versatility I need.
Great tool	Great quality item! Very sleek and durable. Makes my workflow a lot easier with all the external hard drives I have
light weight, works great	This item is very light and can easily fit in any compartment of my backpack or in my laptop sleeve. It has been working great so far!!
Lightweight & Portable	I got this to be able to plug my Apple phone charger into my Apple Mac book as well as hdmi cords and it works fantastic! I love the amount of options it has in one and it’s easy to throw in my bag and bring with me. Highly recommend this product.
Works as designed!	Looks nice. It works as advertised
Does what it should - Good buy	I got this for my xps 7390 2 in 1 to extend my display. Using it to extend the display works well for me. When charging through the hub it says that it is slow charging, however. Also, when I use the USB A input it hardly works, it is not a solid connection so it keeps connecting and disconnecting making that port nonfunctional.
Satisfied customer	The packaging is good, thank you, praise!
Does its job!	easy to use- has all the ports I need. love the look an is light weight which is perfect for on the go !
A+++++ Quality	High practicality in a small package
Works Great!	Awesome product! It’s my most important gadget and I never leave home without it.
Good customer service	This USB-C hub performs flawlessly and serves the exact function that I needed it for. I needed to make it easier to dock my work laptop in and out of my home office area without having to plug and unplug a bunch of cables - and this compact hub makes it a breeze by simply plugging directly into my USB-C charging port.Great product VAVA!
Does what it should - Good buy	Product smaller in size than expectation, great build quality though. The power pass through is a good feature, but haven't got a chance to use it yet. All 3 USB ports are 3.0 as compared to some other competitive products at similar price points, which either lack the power pass through or have a couple of 2.0 ports. Unless all 9 ports are needed, this is a good 7-port option (I personally don't really need ethernet and 3.5 mm jack in my hub). Will update review if anything goes south, for now, all good.
Small, inexpensive yet mighty!	I use my laptop often to project presentations and charge USB A devices. This usb C hub turned out to not just work well for that, but also came at a great price! The data transfer speeds are good and I definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a multi port hub.
Very happy with it so far	I've used quite a lot of USB hubs but none quite like this. The build quality and the number of ports really just shine in this product. Highly recommend!
Great multi-port USB-C hub	Just what I was looking for. I have a newer generation Macbook Pro and recently upgraded my workspace to accommodate working from home. With these upgrades, I got a new desk monitor, mouse, etc. and needed more ports to plug into my computer. This little hub was the perfect device! I can now have my computer charging, hooked to a second monitor, and have all my other devices plugged in to charge. The cord is nice and sturdy so I think this will last a long time. It is light enough to carry around if I need to bring to another location.
Best hub for your buck!	Very impressed, works great and is very high quality for the prize!
Good materials. Overall happy with this hub	Feels high quality. Small and easy to travel with. Works great with my new MacBook Pro!
Does exactly what I needed	The first thing I did when I received was to test every entry in the adapter and all is working as intented. I'm very happy. The only thing I miss is Network connectivity. I love all the USB placed at the same side and the HDMI in the tip, this is very helpfull. Thanks!!
Great!	Came in the knick of time. I recently had a theft, so in replacing the items this adapter was imperative to have. The added ports will be an upgrade from my previous adapter to assist cross connectivity. The delivery speed was faster than expected, so a solid five stars for customer service. Material feels well made and sturdy. I don't regret this buy at all.
Multi-Functional Adapter	Very well built. It has all the connectivity options you need for your MacBook Pro (well except for ethernet but I always use wifi anyways). Replaced 2 connector cables with this hub.  I even plug in the power supply to the hub. It has pass through USB C port and charges the laptop.  I just plug the hub to my laptop and have second monitor, wireless mouse and power. My 2nd monitor is HD and 2 monitor setup is working great. The material  and color matches the MacBook. Looks really nice!  It is small enough to carry in your laptop bag. Happy with this purchase, highly recommend it.
Tiny, but great!	I used this hub as a cheap docking station for my Mac pro. It comes with a USB-C port which is connected to the power, and HDMI for the display. It has 3 USB ports for keyboard, and other accessories (flash drive, mouse, etc). And it only take one USB-C port and I could use the other port for another hub. Some hub will use two USB-C to get 7 input and this one is really nice to use only one. I could buy another hub or a usb-c to HDMI connector to hook up a second display.Everything works smoothly after connected and the grey color match the grey laptop very well.This hub not only works with Mac but any usb-C connected device, like newer Leveno laptop. So that is an added bonus as well.Overall, i really like the product and it well worth the money and much cheaper than the official 3-1 hub from apple.
Good materials. Overall happy with this hub	I use this mostly for the HDMI and usb ports and I am able to connect to my double monitors as expected with no issues. To me, it doesn't make sense to pay more than $30 for a usb c hub and this one is worth the money and relatively inexpensive.
Very useful, small and durable USB hub for my Microsoft Surface Laptop 3	Ordered two - one for myself and one for my brother. It's been over week we have been using this and so far no complaints. It was very easy to get started - no software to install - just plug it in and all set.Charging the Mac works great - haven't noticed any delays in charging via the hub (Having said that I am plugged in most of the time)Have extended display to 32" TV via HDMI port and no issues there either.Haven't used rest of the ports yet but my brother has connected wireless mouse and keyboard without issues.Once I have used for few more weeks, won't mind ordering another one.
Exactly as described - No issues	I was looking for something to connect to my Mc Book and I found this . It works perfectly fine and easy for carrying around . So portable and light weight . The shipping was fast and the product is reasonably priced .
This solves the problem that there are only two USB ports in the notebook.	It is very useful and easy to use and works very well. I bought so I can connect my broken screen cell phone to  the Tv to I am happy I retrieved  my stuff and I totally recommend it.
Mouse Receiver Doesn't Work	this is perfect for us bouncing between office and home office!
Does what is supposed to	Product works perfectly! Has 3 USB ports, a USB port, SD card slots, and an HDMI port. Super nifty!
Great!	This USB-C hub is perfect for my Macbook Pro. Since having to work from home due to COVID-19, I needed to connect various things to my laptop, such as iPhone cable, flash drive, printer/scanner, etc. This hub has enough ports for everything and works well. Have not had any issues so far.
Best bang for your buck!	It's a pretty good hub. It's solid to the touch and doesn't feel cheap. All the ports I need it for work and it's very inconspicuous on my desk because it's not large. Pretty good all around
Very nice product!!!	This product worked to project a laptop to a monitor with an HDMI cable, via the USB-C output. I would recommend it for that purpose.
Does what is supposed to	Easy plug and play device with simple instructions to follow after plugging in
This is a great product	A different brand I had  broke and always had connection issues. This worked great out of the box and is so much more sturdy then the other more expensive one I had.
Working good for USB microphone on 2019 MAC book AIR	This product did as it was advertised. It worked with a USB microphone on my 2019 Mac book Air. I am happy so far that i have made this choice.
Works as advertised!	Perfect size for travel. Convenient for any use! Transferring files between my phone and MacBook air will be quick and easy now.
Works great, compatible with numerous devices!	My new USB-C Hub is fantastic, and it even came in the mail early!!I love how the USB-C extends away from the other ports, allowing me to utilize all 7 ports - all while charging my computer with my charging cord. Other USB-C Hubs cover both USB-C ports on your computer making it impossible to use your USB-C Hub and charge your computer at the same time. This VAVA is legit! Highest recommendations!
Best USB C	Having a laptop with only one usb plug but two c connections was tough till I got this. Thank you so much I can now have a mouse, cd drive and my camera card.
Small and easy to use	The product is small enough to carry with you, runs off the bus power on the Macbook Pro USB port.Great quality and it can also charge when connected with the power source. The LED to indicate that it is powered on is very useful and convenient also.
work for me	Definitely a very useful product.
Excellent	Great product, is lightweight, small and stylish and adds nice options to any usb c laptop lacking ports. Highly recommend!
Definitely worth it!	My, this is a sturdy little device! I was very pleased to note that the cord is thicker than I expected and the ports connect to my computer and other gadgets smoothly but not at all loosely (which I unfortunately learned can be the case with a lot of budget purchases). This is neither the cheapest, nor the most expensive option on the market but it excellently serves its duty. I’ve experienced zero heating (from both my computer and the connector), fast charging, and the color is flush with my space gray MacBook. Size is travel-friendly yet big enough you won’t have to buy replacements every other month (r.i.p AirPods #1-5). In comparisons to other renditions of this kind of connector, such as the singular usb 3.0 plug in, and the stick-type I HIGHLY recommend you steer clear of those and invest in this type of corded device. The sticks I found to be very uncomfortable, and the singles are in the grave with ghosts of AirPods past. I’d be happy to update this review later on to comment on its durability. Happy charging!
Its is a great USB-C Hub	the only dongle that  has 5 stars and deserves it.I use all slots at the same time and with out any interruption in power supply, card ejection or overheating.After seeing it for my self i had to buy VAVA USB C Hub, 8-in-1 USB C Adapter with 4K HDMI, 1Gbps RJ45 Ethernet Port, USB 3.0, SD/TF Card Reader, 100W PD Charging Port for MacBook/Pro/Air and Type C Windows Laptops.to have extra 2 usb-c ports available on my mackbook pro.
Small and easy to use	Loved its small size and very simple to use.
So far, so great	Port synchronization is super fast.It's very convenient and quick.Plug and play.No additional drivers are required。Supports almost all devices.It also charges quickly.It can also charge a computer, MacBook Pro or other device while transmitting data.You can mirror it.You can extend your screen to other screen devices.The product is well packed.The texture feels good.And durable.Good quality.
Multiple features.	It works fine for my mac. Not much issue or problem while using it.I will update it after using for couple weeks later. Overall it is a fine product.
Maximize MacBook Pro 2017 USB ports and free up cluttered cords occupying desk space	Very pleased with this product.  All ports (USB 3.0 Ports, 4K HDMI, and SD Card Readers) work well on both my 2019 MacBook Air and my 2019 iPad Pro. The exterior appearance looks very nice too - matches the space gray color of both of my Apple products.  I definitely recommend this product to anyone that travels and/or needs additional ports for his/her work needs.  Great product - 100% satisfied.
Quick and easy	Very nice adapter.
Definitely worth it!	With the covid quarentine going on, my 1st grader daughter's classes are all distance based with mixture of apps and zoom meetings.  Got this hub for her to take advantage of my Samsung S5e's dex capability, so she can do her school work on a larger monitor.Originally, I got a USB-C to HDMI converter but this doesn't allow for charging.  This hub allows my tablet to project onto monitor while being charged at the same time.I am happy to see the hub is much smaller than anticipated so easier to hide.
Perfect for Mac!	So glad I bought this product!  It’s exactly what I needed for my new MacBook Air. This was a fraction of the price of the equivalent Apple accessory. It’s lightweight and much smaller than I expected, so it will easily fit in the case, without being bulky.
Exactly as described - No issues	It performs pretty well on my new MacBook 13 inch. I used the HDMI to connect to my projector and works just fine. The USB ports charge my phone good as well.
Best hub for your buck!	Works very fast and is very responsive with ample ports!
Good materials. Overall happy with this hub	It feels very light after receiving,it is very convenient to carry with the computer,many functions,and a variety of connected connectors for easy use.
Very high quality product!!!!	Type c port didn't work do couldn't connect my monitor :(
Nice quality	The usc hub is very elegant and very useful for me
Great Utility at a Great Price	Ordered this for my iPad Pro 2020, didn’t see the need for a device to sit on the side of the IPad and pay a lot more! The data transfer rate is lightning fast and you can connect your charger to the hub to pass through to the device. This arrived very quickly, unpacked plugged in, works brilliantly. Really glad I have this and can use the HDMI and USB ports for external file content. Job Done!
Works well	This is a solid hub with good weight to it. Arrived quickly.
Solid construction	I use this with my '17 MBP.  Works great -- I love the end location of the HDMI. My first dongle hub had fewer USB ports and didn't support USB-C power pass through, so this is a big upgrade for about $10 more. Good build quality, thick cable. Nice solution. Thanks guys!
Mouse Receiver Doesn't Work	This hub is small but powerful and convenient!
Works great for my PC	This is what I use it for! I like this particular shape adapter,pretty neat.It really helped me resolved my problem!
as advertised - good value	bought this to provide extra usb ports when my docking station ports stopped working.  does the job well, exactly what i needed
It Works	Connections seem to be excellent.
light weight, works great	This works great with my Macbook Air. Its small and light weight yet seems very sturdy. Good for travel.
So far, so great	I was looking for the smallest USB hub I could find for my MBP that wouldn't break the bank and this one caught my eye because of the good number of ports it offers. It connects my laptop to my 4k monitor with no issues and I appreciate having all the USB and SD card slots together. It also slips nicely into my backpack because of its small form factor. It gets a little warm when I have everything plugged in during work but it says so on a sticker attached to the hub. Definitely recommend.
Does what it should - Good buy	I needed something that supplied 87W of power as most of the adapters don't go over 60W.  This has been working out great so far.  I wish I would have spent the extra money and got this from the beginning instead of my MacBook Pro 15inch always draining from a 60W adapter when doing processor intensive tasks.
Performed as advertised	I really liked all the features that were offered in this. It uses really solid material that feels sturdy and it has everything I need from data transfer to USB to HDMI. I like the size of it because it fits in my laptop case and does not cause any bulkiness. My only critique is the length of the cable. I think it should be able to tuck away into a loop or something instead of only protruding from the hub.
Perfect little device, but might want a wall charger with more wattage.	Very pleased with this adapter. I keep losing my more expensive Apple adapter, so upgrading to this hub will definitely pay off, and already has. I'm able to handle multiple USB inputs and outputs as well as charge and transmit video seamlessly. I tried another hub that didn't support the multiple USB inputs and outputs I was trying to run. Thanks VAVA!
Multipurpose & Super Easy	This product is far better built than expected. The item is a must-have for anyone with a computer that only has USB C ports. It works perfectly and I have zero complaints.
Maximize MacBook Pro 2017 USB ports and free up cluttered cords occupying desk space	So far this product exceeds all expectations. It is small and compact built with quality materials. It does not feel cheap. I am using it as a hub for a docking station I built for my MacBook Pro 2017. All the ports work simultaneously and even my usb wireless mouse works with this as well (I have read various usb c hubs like this don't work with wireless usb mice). I use daily the HDMI and three USB ports. I was using a hyperdrive that connected to two usb c ports on the Mac but this method was clunky and was bending my USB cables on a 90 degree which is not great for the cords. When I started needing my wired USB keyboard daily and other corded usb device including a USB MIDI piano keyboard I knew I needed to find another hub that could cut down the clutter of chords and only occupy a single USB port. I will update this review in a few months or so to give a clear view of the products durability, something I cannot comment on at the moment.
A must have to complement your laptop	I was able to successfully use this for my Macbook Pro and my iPad Pro without issues. The device feels very substantial and made with quality. Solves my problems with moving pictures from my camera while traveling!
Compact, well made, easy to use	The hub worked flawlessly. Worked great with my windows and Mac.
Works as expected	A great little device - allows me to connect USB sticks and transfer images quickly from cameras SD card to my Pixel phone anywhere. Its small enough to bring along - if its on the couch for the laptop or on a trip for the phone.
awesome	Just plug and play.  The speed of access is very good as well.
GREAT Product!!	very sturdy and premium material feels. i connected my keyboard, mouse, screen and sd card  - it doesn't heat up nor affect the performances of the peripheral devices. great buy!
Tiny, but great!	I bought this to round out support for my little "mobile office".  My setup consists of a Pixelbook Go, Lepow Monitor,  Logitech M355 Portable Wireless Mouse, and an Anker PowerCore 10000 PD Redux Charger.  The Vava USB C Hub allows me to add extra ports for accessories like my Smart Card reader and still charge my laptop. It works perfectly. I like the fact that it is really light as well. Plus, it's really not very expensive. I'm very pleased with my purchase.
Works Great!	Matches the space grey MacBook Pro finish perfectly
Lightweight & Stylish	I was looking for a USB C that could connect to my laptop so I can plug in USB, HDMI, and SD cards.  This fit all of my needs in a compact but sturdy size.  So far it is perfect!! Small, fast, and lots of access ports.  What else could I ask for.
Very high quality product!!!!	This USB hub works perfect for my MacBook Pro.  I hook in an HDMI external monitor and plug in an SD Card and it works perfect.  It doesn't get too warm and the connections are nice and snug.  USB ports can be used to charge items as well.
This solves the problem that there are only two USB ports in the notebook.	Very useful device for me. I use it for my iPad Pro. It has not only USB functions, but also other uses. Great product! It looks fine and feels very solid.
Powerful Device and Definitely worth the price!!	It's a great value product for expanding the capabilities of your USB C port. I have tested the product on Galaxy Note8 and it works well with Samsung Dex. I have also tested it on my iPad 2018(11 Inches) and its works well too. I was able to connect a Micro SD card, USB Flash, HDMI and a USB mouse and all worked at the same time.I just wish it's USB C head wasn't so think. It doesn't fit through my iPad pro case. It's same with my brother's case too. I had to use a USB C extender.
Does exactly what I needed	It heats up like crazy and doesn’t plug well into a MacBook Pro. It easily unplugs itself a lot which is annoying. It works but I might go for a different brand because the constant disconnecting from the USB C is frustrating.
Works like a Charm	Love the size, color, and material it is made of, very professional.  I was looking for a hub that includes a Type C charger port, this one is a great selection.  The additional value-add I wish is if it came with a pouch or case to carry it in, esp when traveling, as it is possible it can make scratches to other items in the same bag.
Works as advertised!	This hub is lightweight and works as expected, connecting HDMI and normal USB ports. Haven't had any issues so far and it came promptly as expected.
High Quality USB Hub for new MacBook Pro	I have used this hub with my Microsoft Surface Pro 7 for a month now with no issues. It has worked with everything that I have tried with it. It's lightweight and small, so it's easy to travel with. I'll make sure to update my review to reflect any changes in my experience, but everything seems to be great so far.
Slim multi-purpose adapter for your MacBook Air	Makes life easier. Allows me to connect to my desktop monitors and external hard drive. Very sleek and easy to use. I highly recommend.
Very sleek design and multi purpose for file transfers	This USB-C hub works well. It connects to computer and can give charge to external devices (through wire connection). The maximum output of USB 3.0 is 1.8A/9W. Devices with higher than 7.5W are not supported. Overall it is a great product that feels well made. It is light and has a nice sleek design.
Good customer service	Got it today, was shipped quickly and arrived quickly.  So far it works well (only used USB A and C outlets), would recommend it to others.
The NYTimes Wirecutter recommended it as a best buy and they weren't lying.	This is a neat device; very convenient and portable. If connecting multiple devices to thr HUB, make sure you have the AC power for your device plugged in.
I love it.	Easy to use. Metal look sleek design. Works just as described.
Does what it's supposed to do	This was very efficient and good product it worked with my chomebook very well and lived up to standards
Maximize MacBook Pro 2017 USB ports and free up cluttered cords occupying desk space	I had the apple’s hub for a while but I had to have 2 different ones but with the VAVA hub, I was able to replace them with one that feels premium quality and solid build.It has 7 ports 3 USB 3. 0 ports, 1 HDMI port, 2 card reader: 1 SD and 1 TF, and 1 PD charging port. During this corona pandemic, I was able to transform my laptop into a working station. I was also to connect a second screen, an apple keyboard, a mouse, my external hard drive, and connect my charger at the same time. The hub came also handy when I needed to transfer my pictures from the SD card with high speed.I am not worried about durability with the VAVA hub, I’m sure this little device will last years to come. This usb-C hub is the ultimate solution for me. It is the best i got so far and I had 3 different ones.The package feels super professional like you would expect it from a high-end product.Amazing!
Matches the Space Grey Macbook Air	It is more than I expect. It’s really light. Perfect for travel I’m really happy with it. Size is perfect.
Surprising quality	The product is able to do everything as advertised. I have a 2018 MacBook Pro and I plugged an external drive, flashdrive, and microphone into this and it worked wonderfully! I found that when I plugged my web camera in though in place of the external drive the web cam would freeze (assuming from too much load going through the adapter). This is not a problem with the adapter I don't think because every adapter I've had has done it, I was mostly curious if it could handle both.
Nice quality	Quality is pretty good
Multipurpose & Super Easy	It works simply great with my MacBook pro. Since my mac has very few ports and working in the IT industry, I need to connect to an additional screen. This USB c hub is awesome. I can simply connect my screen, my security key, wireless mouse and also charge my phone. All at the same time. Isn't it interesting?It is very compact and does not heat at all even after connecting so many devices. The product's build is of best quality. I am very happy to have this.
It Works	Great compact design!  Just received but works as advertised.
Great purchase	I bought this as a memory card reader and I love it. Works great with my Macbook pro. Durable and best value money.
Multiple features.	Very easy to use. Works well with my MacOS Catalina. Had no issues using it right out of the box. Only thing is that the USB Type C port seems like it's only for power, and not for Type C dongles to pair other devices. I highly recommend.
Perfect for my work from home setup	Small and compact, this usb c hub allowed for seamless transfer of the screen from my MacBook Pro to a smart TV in seconds! Is truly plug and play and also provides 3 additional usb ports for more device hookups, as well as flash card sockets to upload media. Great for on the go projects as well because of its small size and profile. Thanks!
Satisfied customer	it works well with my macbook pro and 7-in-1 is sufficient for me.
Lightweight & Stylish	This is perfect, compact and affordable hub for my Mac pro. It just uses one USB C port to connect unlike the previous one i had which uses two. The build quality is awesome and all the ports can be used at the same time. I was a little skeptical as this brand name is something I didn't hear before but it really turned out a great one.Overall a good and reasonable product. I am really happy to get this.
Compact, well made, easy to use	When I saw it first there are more 400 five starsI thought it was not real and decided to check, but right after I got I gave 5***** as well
Time saver	Being a Macbook Pro End-User, I am often faced with difficulty for accessing physical devices like USB devices, or Memory Card Reader or connecting to an external display device for my work activities. Receive the product in time as promised by Amazon Prime Delivery.
Works as designed!	It worked well for the first day, then reliability took a dive on the second and third day, and stopped working all together after that. The device seemed to be a little too touchy after the first day of use and would drop connection when moved slightly
Great multi-port USB-C hub	Haven't had it to long but it's working great and lets me link all my devices together.  I've had problems in the past with devices failing but this one has a power supply plug in which i think combats most these issues. Haven't had any issues yet, the device seems very solid.  It's got a sturdy outter metal shell, I've dropped it once but didn't show any sign of wear.  I'm looking forward to using this more, Also its made by vava which has a solid reputation on its own.
Great Convertor	The usb c hub feels great. It feels better than a 75$ usb c hub that I previously owned but broke. The usb c connection itself if very firm and does not give, which is important for the the longevity of the hub. Also, the usb c hub chassis is very firm and does not give much when given pressure which also is good for longevity but also gives you the piece of mind for when you are traveling with it in your backpack. The dongle is long enough to maneuver around things but not too long that its cumbersome. Also, it comes with a great selection of ports and they all work very well. Works for both my MacBook and my windows laptop. I have extensively used it the past couple of days and it works very well for my new MacBook Air 2020. Hasn't really gotten hot or slowed down my HDMI connection so that there would be buffers. Great purchase for $30. From my experience with more expensive usb c hubs, this is a great buy. Def would recommend
Its is a great USB-C Hub	I bought this USB-C hub for my Macbook and iPad Pro.This one supports 100W charging and also provides 3 USB-A, 1 USB-C, 1 HDMI, 1 SD card & micro-SD card.For the price, I think it worths every penny spent.After using it several days, I think I still prefer the cable to be even shorter (it is 17cm long as in the photo) so that it can be easier to carry for me. But not a big concern for me.Except for that, I have no complaint about it. Generally, I am satisfied with the product.It is compatible with all my apple products.
Best USB-C Port on the Market!	This is very compatible, plug and play-no additional drivers are required; it supports almost all Type-C devices and Thunderbolt 3, such as MacBook Pro, MacBook Air, iPad Pro, etc. Supported operating systems: Windows, Mac, Unix, Chromebook OS, very convenient, it is very small (less than the size of a credit card), very suitable for a USB-C docking station (hub) for laptops without having to use a separate SD card reader . The appearance is also beautiful.
Small, inexpensive yet mighty!	Best USB C port I’ve ever bought. The packaging was very nice as well. I would definitely recommend that anyone who is looking for a usb or memory card adapter buys this. The product material is so sleek and is made of quality material. This product is a 5 star product.
I love it.	So lightweight and multi functional!Just what I was looking for. Very happy with the purchase
Solid construction	It’s small and compact. I was looking for an item that would give me more usb connections and ended finding this gem.  It will come in handy if I ever need to use a triple monitor setup because it has an HDMI port built in. I’m excited to use this when I travel.
It arrived in 2days!	Great hub! Solid feel! Matches MacBook perfectly! Can connect all my devices!  Highly recommended! 5 stars!
Nice quality	It a lifesaver With all the ports
So far, so great	The product arrived super fast. I loved the look and feel of this product, It does not feel flimsy.  I Gott mine in dark grey. It is compact and just the right  size.  I lost my old Hub and needed a new one. This one has all the ports I needed and was a great priceI liked the size/compactness of the product. Connected my jump drive super fast with no issues. However, I  have only had the product for less than a week and so far so good.
Quick and easy	Well made.
Solid construction	I am glad I choose this hootoo hub, I really like how compact and light weight it is, it is just perfect to have on the go which is very important for me. I highly recommend this product.
Excellent	This is very nice, I bought this mainly to use usb hub and card reader as I do photography so I need them a lot. I don't use the hdmi, but it's nice to have if I ever do. Transfer rate I see it’s good/normal. Build quality feels really good. Doesn't feel cheap or fragile. All in all this is a very good quality usb hub. I love everything so far.
Great USB-C Hub	I used the hub for both mac and windows and it works very well. I am happy with the product and recommend to anyone.
Works great, compatible with numerous devices!	I travel for business quite often and this little usb hub is perfect for all my devices. Feels durable and looks nice.
Working good for USB microphone on 2019 MAC book AIR	this adapter is so awesome, great price and great quality100% recomended
Quick and easy	Particularly in this time of endless videoconferencing, this VAVA USB-C hub is a great asset. Owing to possibility to connect the laptop's power supply to this hub, rather than to the laptop, the hub allows me to keep charging my MacBook Pro while also supplying power and ports to power-hungry devices, including my external podcast microphone, an external HD WebCam, and an external digital tablet. This reduces overheating of my laptop, benefiting its lifetime, while the VAVA USB-C Hub remains amazingly cool. It also allows a better organization of all involved cables and keeps three of my four USB-C ports available. The device itself is highly functional. It could actually be called a "docking station" for a laptop as -- in addition to the 3 USB 3.0 ports, it also provides an HDMI outlet and card readers. For all this functionality, it is amazingly compact, mechanically stable, and looks great in it's "space gray" design.
Best USB-C Port on the Market!	I had previously purchased a Samsung docking device to use Dex through my phone. The Samsung device arrived, but did not work. Didn't charge, wouldn't connect, nothing.I decided to take a chance with this device and was instantly impressed from the moment it arrived. Professional packaging, great design, easily portable, and way more features. As soon as I plugged this in to my device and tv, it instantly recognized it and worked seamlessly. Just fantastic. I will be recommending this device to everyone. No complaints.
Very good	This product has all the needed ports for a Macbook Air 2020. Excellent!
Does everything as advertised. High quality heavy aluminum finish. Like it a lot.	Reliable link, no drop phenomenon, USB3.0 transmission speed, video interface stability, smooth image transmission.
Best USB-C Port on the Market!	This is easily one of the best USB-C Ports I have purchased. The last one I had was flimsy and felt cheap, but this port is very sturdy and flexible. The cord is firm but easily adjustable, and the sleek design ensures the port stays firmly on whatever surface you are working on. It is well worth the money, and has great functionality.
Very high quality product!!!!	The product worked right out of the box. No software needed! Perfect complement to my new MacBook Air A2179. Small enough I can fit in my sleeve! Perfect.
awesome	Awesome product just as described. Works well with laptop and even works with my Samsung galaxy note 10+
Very good	It's small but does everything I need for my Mac.usb stays sturdy with Mac so it won't come out.
Matches the Space Grey Macbook Air	Nice clean and solid construction, it will hold up well for travel, you do not have to worry about breaking it. All the ports work and I've used all of them.
Very good	Tremendous opportunity to use with my MacBook Air; provides the ability I need to support
Great multi-port USB-C hub	I've gone through multiple USB C hubs and a lot of them all advertise multiple things and the same things, but knowing VAVA and their quality of work (I have their 4K projector), this product works wonders. Definitely recommend their products!
Great Convertor	There is only 1 USB C port and 1 USB A port on the new surface pro.  I use multiple flash drives at a time and this hub allow me to do that without unplugging.It is compact, light and elegant so I just leave it in my laptop bag. It matches my surface pro color which I like.My only wish is that the cable is a bit longer so it can sit flat on my desk when I plugged in.  I have it standing up when in use since i do not use HDMI port that often.
as advertised - good value	Product is sleek and compact.  Works as described.  Very convenient for travel and hooking up multiple devices to my IPad Pro.  Good Quality
Perfect match for my MacBook	In the past few days, I have used this hub and it works well and matches my Macbook Pro. The design is very stylish and looks very sturdy. You can connect your phone to hdmi and it works great so far!
Excellent	I needed a sturdy and efficient product to use with my new Mac and this was it. Works great!
Good customer service	Comparing the one I have bought, Vava is good for connecting to a Macbook.With Vava, my Microsoft Arc mouse can move smoothly again.I like this small and light hub.I hope there is a golden color to match my MacBook Air:-) I would like to buy another one.
Works as expected	I bought this to connect to a monitor for a home office with my MacBook Pro and it worked great. I love the power supply capability for fewer cables and better performance. The HDMI worked really well with my dell monitor and setup was very easy.
Does what it's supposed to do	It's very high quality，very cool grey colour，good for take it for business trip.
Excellent	I got this for my XPS13 2-in-1 laptop to use with a USB SSD drive, a collection of USB sticks, camera cards, and occasionally connecting to an HDMI TV.  It's everything I was looking for.  The pass-through power connector works as expected, and there doesn't seem to be any change in the normal behavior of the laptop when the hub is connected. It's a little smaller and lighter than I expected, but seems very well constructed.
Does what is supposed to	Used with Machbook pro 13". Everything works.
Multipurpose & Super Easy	This Vava all-in-one usb-c hub is what I was looking for my iPad Pro. The design is very sleek and compact. All the ports work as they should. It doesn’t take up much space with all the ports. It is excellent for your travel needs as it fits into a battery carry case. I highly recommend this usb-c hub for anyone looking for a high quality all-in-one hub.
Works great, compatible with numerous devices!	Got this during the stay-at-home order to have a more productive work station. This adapter works with Macbook Pros and Ipad Pros as well as Microsoft Surface tablet computers and Dell laptop PCs. The device can get warm when your power is plugged directly in but nothing out of the ordinary; there is even a disclaimer stating as such directly on the device. All in all, a great product and device! Well done.
Works as designed!	This is exactly what I was looking for. Saved me over $100 because without this bad boy I would have to buy all new USB C accessories for my MacBook. Small, lightweight, portable size perfect for transporting from home to work. I recommend!
Works as expected	The adapter has functioned as advertised, it has a high-quality build and seems like it'll last. I have been using on MacBook Pro as an HDMI output and have had no problems. All ports work properly and I would definitely recommend the product.
A must have to complement your laptop	This product works as advertised.  Solid case, not cheap plastic. Works on my MacBook Pro.  I used it as a hub to connect to a second screen display using the HDMI port and micro disc flash drive to back up my work.
Mouse Receiver Doesn't Work	Half the price of what Apple is charging and works like a charm. Very happy!!
Exactly as described - No issues	The hub with its multiple usb ports is able to support a number of devices at the same time, for me i was able to use my flash drive while also connecting my newly purchased drawing pad with ease. I also had my charger connected to the thunderbolt 3 port without any issue. Highly recommend for Mac Computers with only Thunderbolt 3 ports!
Great USB type C Hub	Great quality, works well and the outer case has a real nice finish.
warranty	I like it, now i can connect my phone to HDMI with TV. So awesome. 😁😁
Compact, well made, easy to use	Cable feels well made, definitely better than the original apple adapter which lost HDMI connection every time I move my MacBook a little.
High quality and fits perfectly on my desk	Purchased so my mother could project her laptop to a larger screen. Connection was simple and completed in under 5 minutes. Would definitely recommend this purchase to anyone.
Excellent!!!	It helped expand my chromebook!!
Great Utility at a Great Price	VAVA USB C Hub made it easy for me to connect my usb backup disk to my new MacBook Pro. I didn't realize when I purchased the laptop that it had no way for me to do that!  The VAVA USB C Hub is an inexpensive way to do this. It was easy to just plug and play! THANKS!
Best USB-C Port on the Market!	Adapter is exactly what I was looking for to alleviate the limited # of ports on my Macbook and keep things tidy. Using an external monitor with the laptop, I like to put my laptop on a stand and align one side of the laptop close to the monitor. If I plug in accessories on one side, it obstructs the view of the monitor, or I have to leave a larger gap. This adapter is compact and lets me keep my accessories plugged in on the other side of the monitor.I like that the adapter is small with a sleek design. My only wish was the cord was a little bit longer so that the adapter does not hang in the air while my laptop is on a stand.
Small and easy to use	Great durable usb hub. The moment I got a hold of it, I could tell it was built to last a long time. There is no flex whatsoever. The body is a single piece of metal which at most, gets warm even when running power thru it. Works great with the Macbook Pro 16".
Never need another hub again	The hub looks nice and appears to be well-made.  It has enough ports to allow me to connect all the peripherals (keyboard, mouse, etc.).  If I use the hub to also connect to my desktop monitor, the response of the peripherals will be slowed a bit.  Other than that, this is a nice gadget to help me use my Lenovo Yoga as a desktop.
Solid construction	This is my second product I've purchased from VAVA. I purchased this knowing that I was getting a good product, since I purchased their car cam. I like how it didn't feel cheap and it matched my Mac book. It also has all the ports I need for different projects I need it for. Two thumbs up!!!!!
Works well	It works perfectly. Includes all the ports you would ever need in a beautiful design! I love it! It even matches with my MacBook color which is great. Would definitely recommend.
Lightweight & Portable	The VAVA USB C hub is an outstanding product. It encompasses every possible plug-in that you could use with the MacBook Air.  The size is a great selling point.  To be able to use an SD Card or any USB accessory and attach it to the VAVA hub is excellent.  I highly recommend the purchase of this product.
Great Tablet Accessories	This works great with my MacBook Air and has basically any port you could want on it. Even if you only have two ports on the laptop, you'll have plenty with this hub. There's not too much to say about it other than it does everything it claims to perfectly. A lot of hubs either don't work well or can even harm the laptop, that's not the case with this one. The USB-C port on it can even charge your laptop at full power. It's as good or better than the many alternatives going for more than double the price, I'd definitely recommend it.
GREAT Product!!	I love this USB-C hub. I hate that the MacBooks only have one port to plug in so when I use my external hard drive I have to unplug it and it wastes all the battery. With the help of this I can charge and use my external hard drive among other things. It’s priced great and when you register your product you get support for 2 years+. I love it and recommend it!
Works as advertised!	I purchased this because my computer only has USB-C ports. Now I'm able to connect many more types of devices.So far so good!
warranty	Works great, compact size for how much it can accommodate.
Works great!!	Works perfectly for my sons MacBook! Super fast and reliable. 😊 Exactly what he was looking for!
Best bang for your buck!	I've tried several hubs for my MacBook and finally found one that was great, didn't overheat, nor messed with my laptop's wifi! I've had it for about 6 weeks now, and it's worked great. 4K output is great too. So happy with my purchase
Cheap USB C Hub Solution for Macs	This VAVA USB-C hub solves the MacBook Air's frustrating lack of ports which has become a real problem since we're all now relying more on tele-meeting software to work remotely. Needing to connect both an external camera and headset via standard USB, plus the MacBook's own USB-C power cord, I had more cords than available slots. The three standard USB ports are a lifesaver, as is the USB-C passthrough slot, and it reads standard and micro SD cards. Before I was constantly plugging and unplugging peripheral devices, and this hub has made my life that much easier.  The casing is solid and well-made, and I feel this is tremendous value for the money. Highly, highly recommended.
Impressed, Satisfied by VAVA Newest 7-in-1 Hub	I recently bought the Lenovo Chromebook Duet, which only has a single USB-C port.  I had previously successfully connected devices using a USB-C to USB-A adapter, but with a single port this means I can't connect anything else.VAVA USB C 7-in-1 Hub to the rescue.  Can now connected multiple USB-A devices as well as HDMI and SD Card (which is also missing from my Lenovo Chromebook Duet).Only 2 thing I wish this had:1. Data connectivity via the USB-C port - unfortunately this port appears to only support power delivery.  Not a surprise, but wish I could connect USB-C peripherals as it's connected to my only USB-C port.2. The USB-C connector is permanently connected.  Wish it was removable both for storage and so I could use different length cables.  However, I'm sure this does help keep costs (and as a result sale price) down.Neither of these is a deal-breaker, and also neither came as a surprise, so overall a great little device.
Perfect for MacBooks	the built quality is great, it functions properly, comes in proper packing, would recommend 100%
The NYTimes Wirecutter recommended it as a best buy and they weren't lying.	I've been looking for a USB C adapter for my Macbook and this one works perfectly. It's well made and fits my needs perfectly.
Works as expected	Item is exactly as described and exactly what I was looking for
Surprising quality	The build quality is solid and the charging pass-through charges my chromebook at the same rate as if it were plugged directly in. My only complaint is that it gets warm after using the pass-through with multiple devices plugged in over time, but that is addressed with a warning label and does not seem to impact performance.
Impressed, Satisfied by VAVA Newest 7-in-1 Hub	I have several MacBooks most of which have the USB-C ports. It goes without saying whether you like it or not, you need dongles. Of course, I purchased the $69 Apple HDMI, USB and USB-C port which is dramatically disappointing. The Vava USB-C hub (any of them UC006, UC016, UC010) on all vectors - price, design, functionality, and company. The price of their HUB is cheaper than any combination of an Apple solution, smaller than any other competitors, color matching and aluminum cased, USB, USB-C, SD, micro-SD, ethernet, and headphones - but most importantly, the company and their staff is proactive to make sure you are completely happy with their product. Some people online, and I was one of them, was concerned about the temperature of the HUB. In reading the specifications, the HUB does intake up to 100W and have to distribute this power to the peripherals, it is completely reasonable for the device to get a little warm and thermodynamically impossible for any device to not be affected by this - unless it was much larger or included active cooling, both of which would reduce the design and portability of the accessory. The reality is that this company did the best one can do to make a hard product, a hard product that Apple themselves do not make and they make this product in multiple affordable SKUs. This product is a must have for any Apple MacBook owner, it is the best and most affordable option from a company that actually put some effort into the product. Highly recommended product, can't say enough good things about the product and company. 
Best USB C	I ordered this hub for my macbook air 2020, and I am happy with my decision. It has a high quality, and great price.
Excellent!!!	I love this works great ! And so easy to use !
connect phone to TV without breaking bank	Got this to connect my note 9 to tv using HDMI and watch Netflix content using vpn libraries. Works perfectly. It has the right variety of ports (pd type c) so that I can charge the phone even while it's playing videos. It has a bunch of other ports as well but I don't see me using them right now. All in all very satisfied.
Works great!!	Great quality for organizing my computer usb plugs on my Mac book air And my iPad
This is a great product	This product allows me to use my keyboard, mouse, and monitor on my iPad while still being able to charge it. It works very well and has an excellent build quality!
Perfect little device, but might want a wall charger with more wattage.	Unboxed my USB C Hub today and everything works fine. I'm able to connect my new monitor via HDMI and also connect my peripherals into the 3 extra USB ports. Everything works as should be along with connecting my external charger to provide power to my Macbook. They also offer an extended 12 month warranty which is an extra in my book. Overall I would recommend this product to friends & family.
Works great!!	Works as advertised. I like how sleek and simple it is. So far everything has been working.
Good customer service	At last.... it took me a few tries to find the perfect usb-c hub for my Mac... there was always something missing from prior ones (not enough USB ports, no power pass through, etc). This is finally the perfect all-in-one hub at a great price. Highly recommend!
Great multi-port USB-C hub	Bought this USB C hub for my laptop, and didnt disappoint. My main purpose of this is to attach all of my usb a devices (keyboard, mouse) when im home and easy to remove devices when im on travel. Very happy and satisfied. Its comes with micro sd and standard sd card too, my laptop doesnt have micro sd slot and this is very convenient not really needing the sd adaptor.
love	Worked great on laptop, including for high speed transfer to attached media, nice item
Does what it should - Good buy	I had purchased a 10 in 1 hub earlier for 3 times what I paid for this and was happy with it but I was looking for an HDMI to USB C adaptor to run two monitors from my MacBook Pro and came across this product. I could have gotten a simple HDMI adaptor for about $10 but for the difference in price, I had another versatile hub. Between the two hubs I have no problem running two monitors and although I'm using both USB C ports, you can plug the power cord into the hub; freeing up the second USB C for other uses. If I would have ran across this product earlier I would not have spent the money on the 10-1 hub.
Does everything as advertised. High quality heavy aluminum finish. Like it a lot.	- Heavy aluminum finish, feels great- Tried every port, works well- Charges my MacBook Pro 16
Perfect for Mac!	Build quality is better than expected; for the price I wasn’t assuming I was getting a top tier product; especially since my Apple dongles/adapters are always like 3x the price, but I’m very impressed with how all of the ports feel as well as the overall sturdiness of the adapter itself. Would buy again!
Tiny, but great!	Works great with my Del XPS 13 2-in-1 laptop.  It allows me to connect to my desktop monitor, USB 3 external hard drive and the pass through power keeps the computer charged while I'm working at home.  It's also easier to insert a micro SD memory card into the card reader than the one on the computer.  I'm using a bluetooth mouse and keyboard so can't comment on a usb mouse and keyboard but I imagine they would work just fine also.  It is also a reasonable size for travel.  I may consider buying another to allow me to connect to hotel TV's when I start traveling for business again.Overall a great product at a reasonable price.  Highly recommended based on my initial use.
Great Tablet Accessories	First off, it does exactly what you would expect. USB ports support both 2.0 and 3.0 USB as shown. The USB-C port on the hub is for PD, which worked for passthrough for my MacBook Pro. Did not test the HDMI yet, but I would imagine it works as expected. I'll be keeping this in my backpack for presentation and adapter needs.Feels heavier that other USB-C hubs, metallic and has an aluminum case. Appears to have a good warranty, hopefully I will not need it.Overall, its a very basic breakout to get back the things that you lost in the MacBook change. USB 3, HDMI, and a memory card reader. All essential if you use a USB-C MacBook Pro, or anything else that has removed the variety of ports.Note: no pouch or anything like that. I know some other vendors provide a pouch too. There was also a heat warning sticker when plugging in multiple or high wattage devices.
Very high quality product!!!!	Although I wish the main connecting port was USB 3, I really liked the product. The design is great and the quality of the product is perfect particularly the aluminum frame which is really cool. Another positive point for this hub is the HDMI port. Nowadays, all of us need such that port to connect our devices to TV screens and this hub provides this port.
Performed as advertised	Product was shipped very quickly!  It’s lightweight and small which makes it portable and great for traveling!  It works great and I plugged multiple USB’s into it for my keyboard and mouse. I have it charging my laptop as well however it says it’s plugged into a slow charger so it charges slower than normal.  Not a big deal but that is why I have 4 out of 5 stars.  I definitely recommend!
Great Tablet Accessories	The hub is overall great.Pros:1. It is sturdy with aluminum body.2. The USB ports work great. all 3.03. the PD port is great because you can charge the device while using it.I have iPad Pro 12.9 (2018) and it charges well.Cons:1. the usb-C male side which plugs into to the iPad is rather big so I am unable to use the hub with my case on.That is a huge downside for me because it means I need to take the iPad out of the case each time I want to use the hub. The other hub I had before didn't have this problem.2. it does not connect to Nintendo Switch.I tried to use it to connect the Switch to the tv. But the Switch wouldn't recognize it.
Impressed, Satisfied by VAVA Newest 7-in-1 Hub	I recently bought a new MacBook Pro that had limited ports. As all the new Mac laptops on the market, you get a powerful device with a sleek design which unfortunately compromises space for ports. The trend is usually having a single USB-C and if you’re lucky, you’ll get another USB-C. Then you’re stuck with buying a bunch of hubs or dongles for your desired connection whether it’s a HDMI or SD card reader...etc I know some people would argue this saying that all the tech companies are pushing towards wireless connection and cloud usage rendering ports useless.If you’re like me, you would appreciate having a single hub with all the ports that are necessary for your usage.VAVA had the perfect solution for me. They recently released a line of USB-C variety hubs with different ports depending on your need. I got the Premium 7-in-1 USB-C Hub.The Premium 7-in-1 USB-C Hub consists of 3 USB- 3.0 ports on one side and one 4K HDMI port, regular SD and micro SD card readers on the other side. The 4K USB-C cord provides flexibility but in the same time you can feel the high quality. The USB-C connector is sleek providing space if you need to connect to a nearby port in your laptop. When it’s connected to the laptop, there’s a circle that lights up indicating the power connectively to the hub. This product has been ideal for my requirements. I need a HDMI connecter because I connect my laptop to different displays whether it’s a monitor, tv or projector for presentations. The there USB 3.0 ports allow me to simultaneously copy data at a high speed and to my surprise, the hub doesn’t heat up when copying large data. Unlike other hubs, which tend to heat up. In addition, if you have an iPad, you’d probably have noticed that it won’t charge when it’s connected to your laptop through a regular USB- 3.0 port or it would take forever.The best thing is Its have Thunderbolt as well so I can charge my Samsung phone with that as well along with Mac.Great product. The price is way too reasonable than any other.
High Quality USB Hub for new MacBook Pro	This usb hub has been so helpful with working from home suddenly and needing to have multiple items plugged in. I would definitely recommend this product.
Quick and easy	Great quality
Perfect	Does exactly as advertised and works well with my MBP. Was afraid that it would overheat or that one of the USB ports would stop working. It's been a month so far and I've been using it daily.
Powerful Device and Definitely worth the price!!	I needed a way to plug multiple devices to my work laptop, but my dongle connectors (keyboard/mouse) were taking up the two available ports. I looked at product review for several options and this product was highly recommended in two different searches, plus the price was right!  This USB C Hub adaptor has solved my problem, not only could I add a charger for my phone but I could also charge my recording device at the same time.  I have not had the need to use the other ports/slots yet but I am going on a trip next month and I know they will come in handy, especially the HDMI port. I too highly recommend this product.
Very High Quality!	Cant believe I waited this long to get this very functional accessory for my Mac. I used to have 2-3 wires to connect old phones etc to my phone to get data but this one makes it so much so easier with its 7-1 capability.
Best hub for your buck!	Easy to use, very stable and excellent product, highly recommended!
Does what is supposed to	After doing some through research I landed on this VIVA USB Hub and love the easy use. It's lightweight and supports my 64GB SD card which I use for photo and video as well as my 1TB external drive, plugged into one of three USB ports. This item is also eligible for super fast Prime shipping. Mine arrived two days after purchasing.
Best USB-C Port on the Market!	Excellent product.. works exactly as described. Now iam able to have my external monitor connected via HDMI and use the USB ports to connect my printer, Mouse and Key board. With this setup, i can continue to dock and undock my Mac book with ease. Also now i don't rely on my Mac book for gaming as i can use the big screen and all the accessories .. great addition to my gaming table.Iam able to load all the photos from my SD card to my Mac book through this which is a great plus for backing up my camera contents.the item looks sturdy and sleek.  The HDMI port will be beneficial for getting my presentation to big screen.
Time saver	Exactly what I was looking for to go with my galaxy book s. Fast. No drivers to download. Just plug in and it works. Color is even perfect match to my book s!
Very sleek design and multi purpose for file transfers	I fell in love with this product at the first sight. After receiving the goods, I was not disappointed. The products are exquisite in workmanship and rich in sockets, which are suitable for various occasions. Second, the color of the shell is great. The adapter is small and portable. It's used in every office. It helps me a lot. Powerful transmission efficiency makes my work more efficient. I'm very satisfied with the shopping this time. It's worth recommending.
Great Utility at a Great Price	Finally found the perfect companion to my Dell XPS13!  Love the solid build of the unit and how compact it is too!  Wish I had found this sooner as travelling would have been much less cumbersome with just one attachment like this one.  I love that the HDMI port is on the end and allows for multiple gadgets to be connected all at the same time.  Life's little conveniences made possible by this unit!
Perfect for Mac!	The device itself is sleek and light. Has all the necessary ports and functions great! The best part is that the company added a free warranty extension for 12 months in the box as well as another extra 12 months if you like their Facebook page. I can’t wait to use this product for the next couple years!
Compact, well made, easy to use	It looks very simple and atmospheric, which relieves the embarrassment that my computer has only two USB interfaces, and provides a great help for my office during the journey.
Good customer service	I had issues with an older model, but customer service reached out and fixed all the issues without hesitation. Highly recommend
Multiple features.	Very nice product. Before buying it, I was using all the c type ports of my laptop with USB adapters.Now I'm using only one. That's awesome!
This is a great product	I tried several others and this hub is the best so far. Very easy to set up. Mirror image on TV superb. Arrived in a very timely manner.
Great multi-port USB-C hub	I primarily needed this for an old unpowered external hard drive. Basic USB hubs don't deliver enough power to operate the drive. This hub does deliver enough power for the drive to work. It's been very helpful to transfer data onto a newer drive.In addition, my other primary uses for the hub are HDMI for an external monitor and micro SD card slot. Both work with no problems.The build quality / aluminum casing is also nice and solid, unlike cheap plastic hubs. Definitely happy with the product and will be using it frequently.
Satisfied customer	It is small enough where it doesn't take up too much space on my desk
Excellent!!!	Travel friendly with enough ports for anything I need to do.
Excellent	This dongle does exactly what I need it to. It works as a USB port, HDMI port, , SD card reader, and most importantly it delivers power through a USB-C port. Feels well built and doesn't get too hot when providing power. Avoid the $60 Apple dongle and get an additional USB port AND SD card reader at a fraction of the price.
as advertised - good value	Great quality. It has all the port you will need and it s compact and great for the on the go. Highly recommend.
Does exactly what I needed	We are able to leverage all the ports except those two card reader ones. So far so good, work as advertised.There is a note on the product saying that the maximum output is 7.5W which is quite different from what I believed so from the product description of 100W. but laptop (macbook pro) charges so I guess its fine for now.
connect phone to TV without breaking bank	This USB hub has added back all the functionality that I lost when I upgraded to the new MacBook.  It is wonderful to be able to hook up one connection and have everything you need up and running.
Compact, well made, easy to use	Does what I need it to do. Had a situation where I wanted to connect to an external monitor, have power run through it, and run peripherals and it works nicely.
Works Great!	thing works great easy to store tons of functionality
Maximize MacBook Pro 2017 USB ports and free up cluttered cords occupying desk space	I was looking for just something to plug USB's into at first, but this has 3 USB ports, HDMI, and SD card readers. Since I've moved to using my Android tablet, I no longer had a USB port to hook up to transfer files and use with my Cricut, but this has been perfect! I cannot wait to be able to stream movies to my TV using the HDMI cord and I have a lot of files from an SD card I need to transfer as well. So far, this has been wonderful! There have been no connection issues, data transfer is fast, and it works perfect!
It arrived in 2days!	Got this for my work-from-home setup, and it works flawlessly! Very fast shipping too. Thanks so much for this product.
Great purchase	I have a hp laptop with USB C thunderbolt. This is best HUB that i got. Its works fast. I got this product in 3 days. It really worth the money. I am so happy with this product. Please don't miss the chance to use this product.
Small, inexpensive yet mighty!	Nice little compact hub. Seems to be well made and so far, works as promised.I have it plugged in to my HP laptop. Should be nice to have because I also have a MacBook Pro so I can swap it as needed.
Very useful, small and durable USB hub for my Microsoft Surface Laptop 3	I am using this for a usb c hub that I can move around the house with the laptop, as well as one that I could (if not in quarantine) take with me traveling.So far this has been perfect.  The temperature on it started to go up a bit higher than I liked, but when I checked it with a temp gauge it was only at 105, which is reasonable all in in all.  I'll keep checking it and will update the post if it appears to waiver too high.
UNSTABLE HUB! MISLEADING PROMOTIONAL ADVERTISEMENT IN THE BOX!	Hubs are great.The fuselage is light but strong and looks beautiful, as you can see in the picture.So far, so good.Video quality and data speed as expected, the price is perfect.I would recommend that anyone need to augment their usb-c port with this hub.Just make sure your computer can transmit video via USB first.The 100W power transfer charging port can charge a computer, MacBook Pro or other c-type device while transferring data.
Works great	Fast shipping, and packaged very well. Was pleased to see that this actually was smaller than I thought it would be. Will be great to use with my Mac and other electronic devices!
Cheap USB C Hub Solution for Macs	In the past, I have tested and purchased a great amount of USB-C Hubs and have not found one to be so compact yet, succeed so well in its functionality. This VAVA USB C hub is totally compatible with the latest apple products and serves its purpose completely. Although this product may not be the generic apple branded product, it performs well and includes all of the possible ports you need, especially on the go.This is essentially the "get the most bang for your buck"!Personally, my favorite port is the HDMI cable that is included. Since I am not only working with apple products, the HMDI comes in handy when I need to fully project my screen to enlarge my presentation. Along with that, the micro SD slots are also very useful when trying to edit, especially when working with a mac. Overall, this is the product to go for. It is cheap and super convenient.
Never need another hub again	Product quality: good quality, thick wireCompatibility: strong compatibility, mobile phones, multi-brand computers, Huawei Apple computers are availableAppearance: Exquisite workmanship, no burr flawsProduct packaging: thick packing carton to effectively protect the productOther features: HDMI supports 4K, very convenient
Excellent!!!	Great product, highly recommend!!!
Maximize MacBook Pro 2017 USB ports and free up cluttered cords occupying desk space	It's a great and lightweight usb-c hub. Has just enough USB A ports as well as a singular usb C port in case the usb c port from the hub itself takes up the only usb port on your motherboard or laptop. I do wish the cable was a little more flexible as it's very rigid but I am thinking that it will become more flexible over time. Definitely think about getting this if you need all of the ports.
Works great for my PC	This little gadget is amazing! Has plenty of outlets for the various things I need to connect to my MacBook now that I’m working from home! I should’ve ordered one for everyone in my office!
Best hub for your buck!	Sleek design and works great right out of the box. Highly recommended.
cheap and enough ports	I recently bought a new MacBook Pro and needed a multi port adaptor. I am pleasantly surprised by the quality of the material of this product—the metallic like weight gives it a nice gravita and it stays “put” nicely when connected to the computer. I especially like that it has multiple memory card and USB slots. Highly recommended.
Does what it's supposed to do	The product works just as described. Does everything it is supposed to do. Happy with purchase.
Good customer service	Looks sturdy and reliable. I've tried SD card, USB card, and even attaching my mouse. All worked!  Happy with the product and will be buying another one for my husband.
Slim multi-purpose adapter for your MacBook Air	I like that this adapter only requires one port (some use both ports) on the 2020 MacBook Air.  Using only one port allows you to still be charging your laptop while using the adapter.  Seven adapter functions make it the only adapter you'll need!!!
Great USB type C Hub	I recently bought this product for my wife, and I couldn't be happier because it feels robust, but at the same time, it feels lightweight. I love that the color matches her space grey MBP and her set up.  I haven't tested for speeds, but everything seems to function well at reasonable rates. I am happy with my purchase.
Very useful, small and durable USB hub for my Microsoft Surface Laptop 3	I had this for couple days. The performance is expected. Everything works out of the box. Plug and play.Tested all ports and they're working properly.Plug my sd cards and USB 3 to it, transfer speed is stable.Size wise, it's about 2/3 of the one i had before. Very compact and lightweight. Good size for travel but it could be easy to get lost because of the small size.Aluminum chassis helped to distribute the heat while using. However, during my usage, i don't feel it's getting heat. Maybe warm a little bit.I would recommend to get this.
Very sleek design and multi purpose for file transfers	Like so many of these hubs, I'm unable to get it to reliably work with my Microsoft Sculpt Mouse and Keyboard. Specifically with the mouse, it doesn't process the signal fast enough and the cursor jumps across the screen as if my monitor frame rate was 10 fps instead of 30 or 60.
Excellent	I bought this 7 in 1 hub for my Alienware m15 r2. I was surprised at how well this product keeps up. My first impression is that it is made from quality material giving it a durable and sturdy feel to it. After setting it up with my laptop, it makes all my connections to my laptop so convenient since it just connects to the back of my laptop. It comes with 3 USB 3.0 ports, one USBC power supply port, and even storage ports. This product surpasses my expectation as it performs really well! I really recommend getting this hub to reduce clutter on your setup! So convenient!
Solid construction	Love the design of the VAVA 7-in-1 USB C Hub! It is also lightweight, but with the feeling that it is made with high quality materials.
Excellent	Un buen producto
What's not to like?	This USB hub is great for the price. I use it to plug in my wireless keyboard and mouse to my Macbook Air. I love the fact that your able to charge your mac thru the hub. Its solid built, doesn't get hot and it lite. With how small it is, it fits easily in my backpack, for when Im taking photography on the go.
High quality and fits perfectly on my desk	My laptop only has two usb holes and I needed more space to plug more items.This USB gave me 7 options in 1 and I love that I can plug different items. I would def recommend. The shipping was fast!
Working good for USB microphone on 2019 MAC book AIR	It may just be me but it wasn't easy to figure out at first however after I did it's pretty cool it has ports for USB cords, HDMI, micro USB, and sd cards.
Mouse Receiver Doesn't Work	Product of very good quality, and especially portable. It works properly, highly recommend
Phenomenal HUB	Works well and very easy to use. I picked this brand because it looked sleeker than the others.
Working good for USB microphone on 2019 MAC book AIR	This was to fill the need of not having an SD port on my current USB C hub. Has worked great so far and love the  fact that it just looks like a quality made product.
A must have to complement your laptop	I just got a new iPad and of course they changed the cords to the usb c cord. This attachment is awesome. We can plug it in pretty much anywhere. This now gives us full access to all our devices with the new iPad. Totally worth the $$$. No issues so far!
Great Convertor	I admit, I bought this for my Mac Book not realizing it was a USB-C input and I was a little disappointed by that.  However one adapter later and all is good (Old 2015 Mac Book with USB-A).But, I plugged it into my Samsung Note phone and I can read memory cards from my Go Pros and other cameras with ease (See photo).  This is going to be awesome for sharing photos and videos of vacations while they are happening!  It accepts Micro and regular SD cards.
Best USB-C Port on the Market!	I was looking forward to this product's arrival. I was searching for a reasonably priced hub to use for travelling.When the Vava arrived,  I immediately hooked it up to my laptop. It worked perfectly from the start, giving similar performance to my docking station costing 5 times as much. I would recommend this unit to anyone requiring performance and portability in a reasonably priced hub.
Works well!	Compact hub that completes my laptop turning into my home study space! It’s great being able to connect an extra monitor, wireless mouse, charger, speakers, as well as keep my MacBook charging!
Does everything as advertised. High quality heavy aluminum finish. Like it a lot.	This sleek USB-C Hub fits the bill with ports to accommodate all my connected devices -- monitor, keyboard and mouse.  It's working great!
Great tool	Great product and really helpful for connect a bunch of devices to my MacBook Pro that are not UBS -C!
Initial opening	A very good product!  Plug and play!
Matches the Space Grey Macbook Air	Just like the pictures. Works great! Highly recommend!
Very High Quality!	I use this for my Mac, the HDMI quality is really good, the USB's are really fast, and overall it's a quality product.
Very nice product!!!	I never heard about the brand, but from other reviewers, I gave a try.  I like it with versatility and compact size with space-saving.  I want to get one more for my son's Chromebook.
Super Useful	I have a MLM business & often need to charge multiple devices. This made it a lot easier to work my business & contain all the cords in one spot!
Does what it's supposed to do	Product does what it is supposed to do. Using it for my macbook pro and works fine.
Small, inexpensive yet mighty!	This hub is the perfect size for my desk or for travel with my Macbook Pro. Works perfectly. I use it for my external hard drives, SD cards, and 2nd HDMI monitor. I'll definitely buy this line of products for years to come.
Tiny, but great!	I was looking for a way to get extra USB and an SD card in my MacBook and this ended up being perfect. It’s a lot smaller than I was expecting but it fits perfectly in the little pouch with the charging cord. Exactly what I needed for on the go. I won’t even notice the added item to my bag.
A+++++ Quality	VAVA USB C Hub is very nice! This is the second one in the house. My husband bought one and really like it. So he recommends me to have it.
Best USB C	VAVA USB C Hub works great and I am very happy with my purchase. I would recommend to anyone looking for a USB C Hub.
Super Useful	I've wanted/needed to get a hub for my MacBook Pro that only has 2 USB-C hubs. I finally got one--so far, this one works great. I've used the HDMI port to connect to a large monitor. Plug & play. Could not have been any easier. I have not used the USB-B or USB-C ports yet. I will update this review once I use.
Best USB C	This little box provides everything I need to connect anything to my computer. What a boon. So small and compact too.
Works as advertised!	For the price of this product, it is really hard to beat . Excellent value. I have tested the usb ports and the sd card slots, both worked fine.
Working good for USB microphone on 2019 MAC book AIR	Very easy to use,  just plug in and it's ready to go! Frees up all of my USB ports and makes it so I can keep them all plugged in all the time
Sturdy, Lightweight, Metal Multi Adapter to View from varied input sources into your computer.	For her business, my wife has upgraded from 2015 MacBook Pro 13"  to the 2020 MacBook Air; however, updated hardware often means the need to update the means by which that new hardware now connects to the various legacy accessories (w/ their various cable types).  Since the MacBook Air has only USB-C connectivity, a multi-function USB-C hub was necessary.  After reading reviews of many possible products, I chose the "VAVA USB C Hub, 7-in-1 USB C Adapter".  This very compact 7-in-1 hub seemed perfect; so, I order it.  It arrived, and it was just "plug-n-play" - no fuss, no muss.  The HDMI connected monitor; the USB 3 connected document camera; and the USB 3 connected backup drive - all work together perfectly.  I am very pleased.
Time saver	Switched to working from home due to COVID19 crisis. Got this dongle so that I could charge my wireless mouse & keyboard for my mac book pro. Love that I can plug the charger into the dongle (you don't lose a port) and it also allows for 3 USB3.0 connections. Works well, no issues!
Best bang for your buck!	My friend recommended this product to me, and his recommendation was a good one. The hub is reasonably priced, and it works perfectly. I had been looking for an adapter that would connect my MacBook Air to my TV screen, and this item did the trick.
Does everything as advertised. High quality heavy aluminum finish. Like it a lot.	I am satisfied with the quality, size and structure. It has not only USB functions, but also other uses. I used the HDMI slot to plug into the monitor and it worked well. As it describes, it works very well
Works Great!	I bought it cause i needed an hdmi for my mac and it delivered. Good product.
Multi functional	Such a great invention. My new Mac doesn’t have any other ports than 2 c ports and I don’t own anything c port except for the charger. This device come with everything you need, all kinds of sd cards readers 3 USB ports and and HDMI port so you can connect your computer to your big screen!!
Works great	The quality is very good and the device works great!
Best hub for your buck!	Great product, smaller than I thought. And fast shipping too.
Works well	I was so indecisive about buying it. But, it works great on my Macbook Pro. Everything I need in a compact device. Great product for a low price. Nice design. Everything works smoothly with my other devices.
awesome	I have used this hub to hook my iPad up to my TV via HDMI and it works beautifully! I'm excited to see what else it works well with!
Great USB type C Hub	Hooks up all of my usb devices to make them compatible with my MacBook. Has 3 USB ports, which is plenty for me. It is small enough to pack into my computer bag without any problem, so I can take it with me.
Quick and easy	Great feel, good quality
Multiple features.	No problems with this basic USB-C that has all the essential ports (no Ethernet which isn’t necessary these days). Good value for its features as long as it’s sturdy enough to last a couple of years. Would be nice if there was more guidance about what external power source to use.
Great purchase	Used the VAVA hub to replace apple’s usb-c to digital av. The VAVA is much more affordable, better quality, and has better ports. Definitely would recommend.
Impressed, Satisfied by VAVA Newest 7-in-1 Hub	I bought an HDMI cable specifically for USB-C laptops a while ago (I had 3 other HDMI cables but my new computer didn't have an HDMI port anymore) but it got lost when I moved and I was looking into buying another one. While unpacking, I found an SD card and wanted to see what was on it but realized my laptop didn't have an SD card reader! I came across this, which plugs into my USB-C port on my laptop and serves as a converter for HDMI, an SD card, and 3 USB ports, and I do not regret my purchase. This came in handy for more reasons than I thought! Not only can I now plus my laptop into the TV to use on the big screen and I can read the SD card, but my laptop also only has 2 USB ports, so now I can have more things plugged into the USB than I did before. It's small and lightweight (easy for traveling), and the material it's made out of is very durable. Very happy!
Its is a great USB-C Hub	I have two or three different adapters (all different brands) just in case I forget my primary one at home. This is by far the best. There isn’t anything wrong with the others but this just exceeds all expectations. The data transfer speed is perfect and the adapter itself is lightweight and durable.I prefer this adapter over others because it is so small but functional.
Definitely worth it!	This is perhaps the cheapest USB-C hub I could find that featured 3xUSB 3 ports.  I needed a hub that could run two USB Midi controllers and my audio interface simultaneously, and could reliably supply power to these devices (not particularly power-hungry, but when performing live music I absolutely cannot risk a dropped connection).  The HDMI-out was also a necessity.  As of yet, this device has proved to meet my needs perfectly.This review will be updated as time passes and I use it in more situations.
Excellent	Plug and play which makes it really functional and easy to use. We loved it so much that I bought another for my husband. I have a standing desk and a sitting desk in different parts of the house so it makes it so easy for me to use my wireless mouse and keyboard by unplugging one thing and moving it around. We highly recommend.
Works Great!	Love this product! Great price for all that it does. Perfect size for traveling.
It arrived in 2days!	Material seems sturdy, cable is solid, and good selection of ports. Worked well as expected.
Perfect little device, but might want a wall charger with more wattage.	This is a good USB-C adapter that has most of the important ports such as HDMI, 3 x USB, PD charge, and some SD card slots. It's made with solid, sturdy material and is compactness makes it easy to carry. It's a good price at around $30 and I can recommend this to anyone who needs an adaptor for the Macbook. I needed this to WFH due to COVID-19 and haven't been disappointed yet.
Does everything as advertised. High quality heavy aluminum finish. Like it a lot.	I was looking for a device to connect my 2020 Macbook Air to HDMI and USB 3. It works very well and has additional connectors for #3 USB-3, HDMI, and USB-C, which is what I generally need it for. Its small, portable, and work every penny.
This is a great product	Great product!! Extremely high quality!!  Super easy to use. Absolutely love it!!
Matches the Space Grey Macbook Air	I needed this for extra USB ports on my MacBook Pro and it works great so far! Really lightweight & portable. It also matches the Space Gray that my computer is. Great value. Thank you!
Never need another hub again	I received my hub today and tested it out with my Dell XPS 13 while working. Every port was functioning as expected (although the regular SD slot might be a touch off from perfectly straight, it seemed like the card was slightly off from exactly 90° to the side of the hub).Honestly, I was surprised at how nice the hub looks. I was a bit worried it would look like cheap or dull plastic, but it looks great! It's precision-cut aluminum and looks high-end to me. I haven't tested read/write speeds or charging the laptop through the hub, but it shows as charging when plugging the charging cord through the PD slot.Overall, a day in, I'm incredibly impressed with this hub.
Very nice product!!!	Compact...easy to use. Using it to connect my monitor for Samsung Dex and can now get a full pc experience as I can plug a Bluetooth keyboard and mouse.Great product.. highly recommend!!
Best USB C	I love it. It has all I need into one. The only thing I dislike is the cord. Its a bit hard to bend or “fold” other than that it’s all that I was looking for.
Very happy with it so far	It works very well, and feels durable yet compact at the same time. Everything is as advertised- I'd recommend this to anyone that needs some additional ports like I did
Lightweight & Stylish	The adapter works perfectly with both my MacBook Pro (Touch Bar) and my 11" 2019 iPad Pro. You can charge through this adapter, and all the slots work well. A great value and a great product!
Lightweight, small	I'm really happy with my purchase.  The product seems to be of high quality and exactly what I was looking for.  It's also very compact and easy to travel with.
Super Useful	It's very convenient and easy to operate.I take it with me when I travel, because it's very useful and makes it easy for me to manipulate more things.I will not worry too much about the quality. The material of this product is very good and it is worth every penny.
Cheap USB C Hub Solution for Macs	 The main reason I purchased this Hub is because due to the pandemic I'm 100% of the time at home . As we know there are a lot of free great games for our phones, so instead of spending money buying new games for my PS4 I wanted to mirror the screen of my phone to the TV.... I tried casting it wireless, but due to the wireless speed I got lag and it was impossible to match what I had in the phone with what I was seeing on TV.With this HUB I connect my phone to my 70" TV trough the HDMI cable and it's so cool !! No lag at all ,  the image is responsive.There is a DC In (USB-C), so while I'm playing my phone can charge at the same time...I also use it to read the SD card of my drone in my phone...There are no cons.I definitely recommend it.
Best hub for your buck!	Solid sturdy build, material feels of quality. Works as promised and I would recommend.
Impressed, Satisfied by VAVA Newest 7-in-1 Hub	The sheer number and variety of ports in this incredibly lightweight adapter solve pretty much any port needs you'll have while traveling with your laptop.  The new Apple laptop with *only* USB C ports limits your options of plugging in all your legacy peripherals or dooms you to dongle hell - needing to carry a USB C to USB A dongle, a  USB to HDMI, and an SD card / micro SD adapter.  All those are replicated in a high quality, durable, yet lightweight, adapter here.The metal casing has a nice finish that seems durable and scratch-resistant, and the cable is incredibly well constructed - I can't imagine any kinking or cracking where the cable meets the port replicator due to the nice thickness of the USB C cable.  The cable terminations are reinforced where they meet the USB plug and metal case.I've used this with both an Apple Macbook Pro and a Huawei MateBook X with perfect results - no drivers needed.  Both machines charge at full power - there is no bottleneck created by adding the dongle.
Perfect for Mac!	This hub is so tiny and so effective.  I didn't need the ethernet port, so this is a cheaper option that works right away to charge the laptop, connect devices, and extend to a monitor.  It was so easy to set up and I haven't had any issues using it.  Such a great value to make it easy to work at home.
Perfect match for my MacBook	Great little product for I needed it to plug from my Nintendo switch to the tv but didn’t work. But for laptops and other devices it worked fine.
Great Convertor	So far I am very happy with this purchase. This is the second hub that I have purchased, and I ended up returning the first one (different brand) because it only had HDMI. This port feels so much more solid, and everything seems to plug in and fit well. It's small, but really offers so much versatility. Having the type C pass through is also helpful! I would definitely recommend this hub, and the price is great compared to some others I saw online while looking!
Multiple features.	It's not worth mentioning the beauty and quality. The connection is very stable. It's also easy to operate! Praise
Works great for my PC	I've only had to use this a couple of times since I got it about a month ago but it's worked well thus far. Seems like a solid and affordable option!
Quick and easy	Does the job well?
Great USB type C Hub	The product has a nice design that helps make it unobtrusive when trying to set everything up. Especially good for a a newer Mac mini or MacBook Pro when you use a lot to non usb-C connections or need to use SD cards. Fits easily in my work bag as well. Would highly recommend this to any person looking to add extra connections to a machine.
Quick and easy	Nice product
warranty	It works extremely well right out the box! Can use HDMI, USB, and power all at the same time on my mac. Does not get too hot .
Works great!!	Perfect size, nicely built. Does everything it says it does. Does not get hot. Would definitely purchase again.
Perfect	It does not need any set up. I transfer about 10GB of pictures in no more than 2 minutes. Small enough for easy storage, but big enough that it does not get lost very easily.
love	works for exactly what I wanted. Charges everything that I need and connects my iPhone
Best bang for your buck!	I initially ordered the 9 Hub adapter and realized they had a 7 Hub adapter so I exchanged it and the customer service was excellent Both Hubs are great and have a very nice sleek design. The space gray matches my space gray MacBook Air perfectly.
Very happy with it so far	This product is sleek in design and does the job perfectly. I'm plugging my monitor and audio interface into and it works great.
Works great for my PC	Works great for my PC. Easy to use and has really good connections from all ports. Just plug it into a USB-C port and that is it. This runs a monitor, mouse, and card reader for me. I am very pleased with the unit. Highly recommended.
Great tool	Very nice design, compact and beautiful. The PD port is a great feature, which saves me at least one port on my mac
Does what it should - Good buy	This is a great little USB-C Hub with loads of ports. As my 2020 MacBook Air only has a couple USB-C ports, the USB-A as well as the HDMI are essential. I like the SD slot, which comes really handy when I need to copy over photos from my camera.
Working as advertised	I love how easy this is to use, and the 7 different things you have on it works better then I thought it would on my I Mac computer.
Lightweight & Stylish	I specifically purchased this USB hub because of its functionality and lightweight.  I've only had it for a short time but it is working as advertised. The stem/cord is rigid and sturdy. Make sure that you require a male "C" USB hub.
Compact, well made, easy to use	This product adds another level of productivity to any device. I use it for my iPad Pro and all the ports work beautifully. I will definitely stick to this brand for any outputs and wire support I need. Thank you Vava!
Works Great!	It's worth to buy! Best of three hubs I used. Highly recommended!
Great tool	This device is great!!!!! Actually runs cooler then my brand new MacBook Pro. Great material quality. Great buy for the price!!!
Very High Quality!	I used to have a hub adapter that must be flush connected to the side of the laptop. This is very inconvenient.But this USB-C hub has solved all my problems and saved me a ton in the process! The quality and appearance of the hub is incredible!
Works as designed!	Good metal body with strong usb-c cable and all the required ports gets the job done well.Highly recommended if your laptop/tab supports usb-c and u need to connect multiple accessories to it.
Excellent	This USB-C hub precisely satisfies my need! My new laptop has two USB-C and two USB-A ports, which is not only insufficient but also imbalanced - I would like to exchange a USB-C for a USB-A - this hub gives me three, and in addition two card readers and an HDMI port. Love it so much!It also works perfect well with iPad Pro, which is a great bonus.I have been worrying about performance, but this turns out to be unnecessary. I can use the HDMI while transferring data from memory card and flash drives, and everything works like a charm!
Excellent	Excellent product, functional, compact, convenient, and great price.  The 3 USB ports is especially useful.
Good materials. Overall happy with this hub	After testing a number of USB C adapters, this is by far my favorite one.. It's compact/sturdy design makes it perfect for use while traveling between offices and client sites. The only improvement I would make would be to add an ethernet port as I still have to carry a separate dongle around for that.Pros: compact, sturdy metal casing, multiple (3) USB 3.0 ports, and HDMI port
What's not to like?	This usb adapter is finally exactly what I need!!! I need an hdmi spot to plug in my large screen monitor, and I need the 4 usb-a spots. I connect my printer, my mouse transmitter, my external hard drive back up, and now have space for a flash drive.
warranty	I use this to plug in several peripherals into my phone, and it works like a charm! EXCELLENT buy!
Perfect	Received the item as expected. The quality of the product is light and I liked it. Explored lot of alternatives but this is the lightest and best quality I have found in Amazon.
Exactly What I needed	I purchased this hub to allow me to work effectively from home, where I've essentially had to set up a lecture recording studio replete with second monitor, USB microphone, dedicated camera, tablet as whiteboard, etc. This wonderful little device makes it easy to plunk down the laptop, plug in one cable, and get to recording. Power delivery is super convenient, there have been zero reliability issues, and it gets only vaguely warm to the touch. On top of that it's a good looking and well built little thing!
Does what it should - Good buy	Nowadays ultrabooks have so few ports to reduce weight and size, it becomes an inconvenience trying to plug in your monitor, charger, and few other devices you may have. This VAVA 7-in-1 adapter serves the perfect purpose.  It is small in size, elegantly designed, sturdily built, and works great. I have my HDMI cord, and USB-C charging cord plugged in, all connected to the USB c on the side of my 2-in-1. When I need to take my 2-in-1 with me, all I need to unplug is the VAVA, instead of 2 or 3 different cords plugged in different places on the laptop. I highly recommend this.
as advertised - good value	this is the best adaptor ever and the only one you will ever need. great build quality and amazing proformence.
Impressed, Satisfied by VAVA Newest 7-in-1 Hub	The device is actually perfect for almost everything I need it to do.  Power delivery works, and it is fully compatible with my Macbook Pro (I had issues with other adapters not charging correctly).  My only real problem is just too big to ignore, it is entirely incompatible with my Logitech Universal Receiver.  I use a wireless keyboard and mouse often and if I use a different USB-C to A adapter / hub the Logitech works perfectly.  However, it doesn't matter if I attach the Logitech to a downstream hub or the hub directly, it creates issues.  MacOS takes twice as long to book and there are issues entering my password until the laptop is fully booted.  Windows 10 also fails to boot at all unless I unplug the Logitech device.  Since I only use this device at home, it is less expensive for me to use wired keyboard and mouse, which does solve the problem.  However, I'm very upset that it doesn't work and would recommend buying a different project if you use a Logitech Universal Receiver device.
I love it.	Wow this usb hud is awesome, the slick look and feel is really nice. It matches my MacBook beautiful. The the many ports it has for to do school work and also the added hdmi Port to connect And watch movies
Slim multi-purpose adapter for your MacBook Air	Was looking for a simple hub without too many bells and whistles for my Macbook Pro, mostly for USB printers and scanners that I need to periodically plug in. Works well, no complaints.
Works well!	Very easy to use. Once plug in, everything works. Used with my Macbook Pro and connected to Logitech mouse and keyboard. Also tried the HDMI monitor. Everything works.  Very good.
Lightweight & Stylish	The new MacBooks don’t have a USB port which I need for my business. This port is lightweight and isn’t bulky. It easily fits in my laptop bag and doesn’t get in the way at all. I’m very happy with this product.
Compact, well made, easy to use	Love this little doodad. It’s very small and compact so it fits easily in my laptop case, and is very high speed. Works like a charm, and the materials seem quite high quality.
connect phone to TV without breaking bank	Works as described. My MacBook Air has only 2 USB C ports which is never enough, and I can now attach multiple devices, including my external monitor. Small, lightweight and good quality built.
Compact, well made, easy to use	Excellent craftsmanship on this little device. Nice aluminium sturdy case and the connections to my Dell worked pretty well. Sleek design as well.
Good materials. Overall happy with this hub	I brought this to help the little amount of usb  port in my laptop, after couple of use the hub over heated and almost burn off the wires. Good thing I notice and pull the plug. If I was not  there my laptop would have been toasted, literally. Do your own homework before buying something lime this and stay away from the cheap knock off brand.
Solid construction	This product allows me to use multiple items with my laptop. I am able to share my screen on our TV to show pictures or play movies I have downloaded. I also like that I can plug in my phone and other devices. So many different ports.
Exactly as described - No issues	I recently switched from a full desktop computer to just using an iPad and this little guy helps out a ton!  Helps fill the gaps left by only the one port.  thumb drive, big external hard drive, and SD card all worked on it no problem.  quite frankly a must have accesory
So far, so great	I ordered this USB C Hub for my recently purchased MacBook Pro. The build quality of this product is perfect and has a professional look. It was well packaged and delivered safely. It doesn't feel cheap product at all. It even fits in my pocket so i can take it anywhere with me. There are enough number of ports for my daily use.  Speed test was satisfactory. I am happy with this product purchase.
High Quality USB Hub for new MacBook Pro	Really nice build quality and every port works great.
What's not to like?	I love this product. it's a great buy, stylist and slick, and cost effective. it works with any product that has a  usb type c input. love it
So far, so great	At first, I thought this hub just for extending the Type-C port on my laptop, so I was curious how it works on my phone. I use LG G7 to connect with an SD (XC format) card, phone charger, wireless mouse receiver, an internal SSD via an adapter and what I really surprise is it all work. By that, you can transfer all the data between USB or SD storages by just using your phone as the host while charging your phone.You can also OTG charge to other devices from your phone with this hub.
Performed as advertised	it's very compact with many connections. I connect it to my dell's labtop port c, no problem. it's super fast to open my files in my USB. Definitely worth the money to buy it.
Perfect for my work from home setup	Plug and play.There is no need to install external drivers.It's very easy to use.Simple packaging atmosphere.The material is exquisite in workmanship.It looks great.Small and beautiful.Very beautiful.Very light.Travel and work often.You can take them with you.Port synchronization is super fast.You can also read both SD and TF CARDS at the same time.I really like this product.
Very high quality product!!!!	Awesome USB C adapter that feels solid and just works.  Works with my 2017 Macbook Pro without any issues.  Has 3 USB 3 ports, HDMI, SD, Micro SD, and an extra USB C port for charging. Really like that its aluminum and cable feels high quality as well.  Great to have in my bag when I need it.
Matches the Space Grey Macbook Air	With limited ports in my current laptop, this USB-C hub really helped to allow the devices I needed to be connected at the same time. It is exactly as pictured and working well with all my connections.
Very good	consistent charge and connection, nice finish and quality. Best USB-C hub I've found for my MacBook Pro
High quality and fits perfectly on my desk	So far so good! Plug it in my Mac and it worked right away, no problem. Good quality & easy to use. The compact size makes it easy to carry in my travel case and it’s very light.
Works well	material is very good, feel metallic. It is small and light , perfect for travelling. It has three USB port, one hdmi, one as card a lot and a Micro sd card slot.
Does exactly what I needed	Product is as described and works pretty well. I use it for hdmi cord for my monitor and use the 3 USB-A inputs for keyboard, mouse, and data transfer. I had thought that the USB-C input could be used for my portable SSD but it turns out that it can only be used for power, so I had to use my SSD with the USB-A input. The adapter does get hot though, and I wish that the cord is a little bit longer, but overall a good purchase for the price.
Very useful, small and durable USB hub for my Microsoft Surface Laptop 3	For work, I got a newer model of the MacBook which only comes with the usb-c port. It was inconvenient because I couldn't plug a lot of things into my laptop. An adapter like this was quite expensive so I decided to look on Amazon for a cheap alternative and ended up buying this. This is great. It is an adapter for a variety of plugs, does not get too hot, and gets the job done. I've also dropped it a few times and still works.
Good customer service	First time Macbook Air owner and this hub has helped with the transition over from PC easily.  The dongle allows me to continue to use my already owned USB mouse, SD cards, USB memory cards and the TV out via HDMI works great on my 65" Samsung TV.  The product is well made, the casing strong and the cord all made up of good materials.  I would recommend this to all!
Lightweight, small	convenient for converting unused usb-c ports into multiple usb 3 ports.  My only complaint is that the wire that connects the hub is too short.
Very happy with it so far	That's why I like this product.They always make high quality gadgets.I installed USB C hub, plug in my HDMI cable and Boom!!Monitor video display is normal.
Excellent	Performs well. Like how it's made. Small size great for carrying with you. More versatile than more expensive products,.
Exactly What I needed	Vava is churning out a darn good usb-c hub. I bought it for the MacBook air and I am able to run my monitor, charge an iPhone, my apple watch, and power my computer all from the hub. The SD card reader has come in handy also. I would def buy again and highly recommend if you have multiple USB peripherals. It comes with 3 USB slots which
Phenomenal HUB	It feels sturdy, is compact, and has all the ports I need.
GREAT Product!!	This is a major upgrade to what I was previously using. The device itself is solid and feels well built. As far as functionality, it has worked great for me so far! I like that it connects via an external cord to my Mac and only uses one of the Thunderbolt ports. This is a great device to use with wireless mouse/keyboard set up and connecting a secondary monitor since it has an HDMI port as well. This is a must have for Mac users who are looking for an external port hub and is a great value for the price.
A must have to complement your laptop	Device is well constucted and decently priced compaing features and functions it stack up well.This hub includes an PD，an slot for an sd card，TF card and three USB 3.0 ports，my favorite addition is a HDMI that make my connection with external screen a breeze.Small and light，this piece of equipment is clearly adding an important expansion to my laptop not taking much space in my bag. Obviously，you can keep it connected to your screen and power cord，leaving it on your desk and can serve as a laptop dock with all peripherals preintalled
Amazing	Works great with my Surface laptop 3. It allows me to connect to my desktop monitor, USB 3 external hard drive. It's also easier to insert a micro SD memory card into the card reader
This solves the problem that there are only two USB ports in the notebook.	The product is of great quality and works like a charm , i highly recommend this a your next USB-C Hub.
Multi-Functional Adapter	I bought this to use as a one connection docking station. This thing screams high data rate transfer and makes my old usb hub look like something from the dark ages. Very sleek looking in the design and doesn’t make my micro usb thumb drive overheat like some usb hubs do. It did a complete drive backup so fast, I didn’t even realize it had finished. I like its small footprint in size and doesn’t take up a lot of room while using it or on the go.
Works great, compatible with numerous devices!	Able to connect to hdmi and charge at the same time. Great build quality! The extra USb ports helps a lot.
Impressed, Satisfied by VAVA Newest 7-in-1 Hub	It claims to be compatible with 2017-19 MacBook Pros and to take up to 100 watts for charging, but it can't keep my 2018 MacBook Pro fully charged. I start the day with 1005 charge; by evening the laptop is down to single digits. I have to unplug the power supply from the adapter and plug it into one of the other USB-C ports. This means unplugging one of the monitors that are using the other USB-C ports, which is a pain I was hoping to avoid.(Using the same power supply and the same USB-C cable directly never has a problem keeping the laptop charged to 100% even though the power supply claims to be only 87 watts)The USB-3 ports generally work; haven't tried the video port yet.
Perfect little device, but might want a wall charger with more wattage.	This made the experience of my Mac ten times better. I can finally have multiple USB ports connected at once and not worry about what I have plugged in. This adapter is perfect for traveling, I always make sure to keep one with me. The attention to detail on the product really proves the durability and longevity of the adapter.
Small and easy to use	Looks good, the color matches my MacBook, and it has the right number of ports!
Does its job!	Thick sturdy cable connecting the adapter to the hub is a major plus. The HDMI display output is a lifesaver for my 2018 xps.
This solves the problem that there are only two USB ports in the notebook.	In order to get the most out of your MacBook, you'll need a few core accessories..this hub is one of them. Compared to most USB-C hub devices, this item is affordable, works well, and most importantly, looks good!
USB 3.0 ports work good so far	Small size doesn't clutter the desktop, very nice for travel.  Works exactly as described.
Works as designed!	This product works great! Helps to easily and efficiently share or transfer data!
Lightweight, small	This VAVA USB_C HUB(VA-UC017) is very good to use multi connection. I used HDMI, PD and USB3.0 with Macbook pro daily in my office.
USB 3.0 ports work good so far	I got the product as soon as it was delivered and tested it instantly, the quality looks really high end and expensive and performance is great, all slots are functional. Thank you.
Performed as advertised	Bought this adapter for my MacBook Pro and I utilize it by connecting it to a separate monitor. I found another use for it as well, I connect it to my iPad and to my TV and I am able to stream whatever I'd like. It is very clean looking and small which is what I was looking for since space is crucial to me. In all honesty, it exactly what I needed and I didn't need to look further. Thanks!
High quality and fits perfectly on my desk	The material is really sturdy and lightweight.  The most useful thing for me are the USB ports since I have a MacBook Pro 2019, it allows me to use my USB mouse, keyboard and flash drive all at the same time with no issues.  I wish the length of the cord was a bit shorter so I could use it for travel. I haven't tried the SD card reader yet but once quarantine is over and I can go out to take pictures!
Works Great!	Great Product! Work perfectly well with my Pixelbook Go! Highly recommended!!
Great Tablet Accessories	I bought this item as I needed a way to display my iPad's screen onto another monitor/TV. This USB-C hub was an affordable solution. The actual hub is made from metal and the entire product feels premium. I had no issues connecting to an external monitor via HDMI. I also tested the hub's USB-A ports and had pleasing results with all the peripherals that I tried (wireless mouse, flash drive). Finally, this hub has an added bonus of being able to also charge my device while in use. Overall, I would definitely recommend this product to anyone looking for a well-built, but affordable solution to adding USB-A ports, HDMI output, and power pass through.
Phenomenal HUB	Loved this product it was a good price a and it arrived fast I love it so far 👌
Mouse Receiver Doesn't Work	Nice amount of ports but wireless mouse is jumpy and external hard drive doesn't work as well.
Multi functional	Works well for my Mac, every slot works and its functional.  I like products that are simple but work and make life easier.  I've used it for my monitor as well as for GoPro memory cards and both work well.  Also used the USB for a headset and that worked.  Good product overall.
This is a great product	I am using the usb hub with a 4k display adapter and for charging my Pixelbook. So far I am happy with the performance. The usb-A slots are also working as expected.
Excellent	It feels very robust and solid. Happy to buy this VAVA Hub Adapter for my new Macbook Pro 15" 2019. Highly recommend it.
Super Useful	Love this product! I am a teacher and prefer to use my Macbook rather than my school laptop. My Macbook does not have any ports, and this product solved that problem for me. I am able to easily connect my HDMI cord, USB, and SD card. The transfer rate is very fast as well. The product itself is very compact and lightweight. Perfect for taking from home to school!
Sturdy, Lightweight, Metal Multi Adapter to View from varied input sources into your computer.	I have tried different USB-C hubs for my macbook pro. None of could work as good and as smooth as VAVA USB  C Hub. Definitely worths the money. I am just hoping it keeps its excellent functionality over time at least for a couple of years. However, I also got the 3 year proection plan as well with this one.Highly recommend this USB C hub if you want it for the macbook pro (im not sure about other laptops).Update:I have to make an update: this hub after one week made my external monitor blanking when attached to the hub simultaneously with a usb printer.just wanted to share this w/ the community. however, when detach the printer, it works fine. so far, what i can say is that it is not as claimed to support simultaneously several usb and external monitor w/ no problem
Amazing product	Perfect for what you need.
Maximize MacBook Pro 2017 USB ports and free up cluttered cords occupying desk space	When I bought my 16 inch Macbook Pro, I need several hubs - for instance - one for work purposes, one for my home office screen, and one for my laptop bag - when I need travel around one.  Living the USB-C is still an adjustment for me, but this VAVA hub has come in handy a few times!  When I've traveled to a few photo-shots, I usually need quick accept for my SD cards and using a USB connection with my phone or digital camera. Transfer speeds using the VAVA hub has been quick and reliable.  Build quality is pretty good and the color matches my space gray laptop color. The VAVA USB-C hub is a pretty trustworthy hub to purchase!
Sturdy, Lightweight, Metal Multi Adapter to View from varied input sources into your computer.	Well designed, extremely light weight, very convenient. Materials used are solid and looks good too. Connected it with an external monitor (ultra wide), works without any problems. 3 USB ports make it very handy. The most important thing in there are the card readers and they work as expected.I always carry a couple of these hubs, so they are handy when needed.Definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a USB C hub.
love	This works for my basic needs when using my MacBook air with my monitor and desk setup! Good price!
Great!	After only having this product for a short time is has worked great! I needed it to attach my external hard drive and transfer data over to my new laptop. The speed of transfer did not lack or slow down to my knowledge of previously transferring data without a hub. I love that it has 3 USB ports for my external drive and for charing my phone. Super portable for travel, the nice grey color of the hub matches perfectly with my space grey laptop, and the metal of the outside of the hub looks and feels like it will withstand for quite some time before needing replace, if it will ever need that.  Would recommend it to others who are in need an adapter hub. 
Works great	I keep this hub at my desk and plug the single hub into my computer when I am getting to work and everything goes live all at once, which saves a lot of time. The build quality is excellent and I can see this product lasting a very long time. I highly recommend this product!
UNSTABLE HUB! MISLEADING PROMOTIONAL ADVERTISEMENT IN THE BOX!	pros:- nice quality and material- lightweightcons:- HDMI doesn't work at all- wifi on my laptop cuts off from time to time using this product- product also looked as if it was sealed over an open seal (perhaps sealed a returned item from before)- product promises $20 gift card upon leaving a good review on amazon, but I would rather receive what's been promisednot going to give second chance, I'll take my full refund. thank you.
So far, so great	Very convenient and helpful while working from home . I am able to charge my other devices while still being able to do my work on the computer . The usb is an extra plus
Great USB-C Hub	Small in size, works exactly as expected, good for travel or use as a secondary usb dock
It Works	Very good product.
light weight, works great	Great design, quality and matches the Macbook grey color!! Very portable and easy to carry
Working as advertised	I used it to connect a mixer Numark, and it works fantastic the software runs perfect on the device. Later I tried to plug in an USB and the same then I connected the USB on my Tv to see a movie.
Multi-Functional Adapter	This is really a pretty good USB hub, especially if you need 3 USB 3.0 ports. They only thing that I dislike about this product is that the HDMI port does not work on my Lenovo Ideapad S340 (Ryzen Version). I am honestly not sure if there is a compatibility issue that is happening, but I think that you should just be aware that this feature may not work for you either.
The NYTimes Wirecutter recommended it as a best buy and they weren't lying.	Like the quality of the product, R/W speeds are good.Also got additional 12 month warranty which makes it more reliable.
Great USB-C Hub	This adapter gets the job done. Simple and elegant. Hasn't failed me yet!
Perfect little device, but might want a wall charger with more wattage.	I have recently pruchased a new laptop that only had C ports, so I bought this little guy.  I have used it everyday since. It stays in my laptop bag at all times so I always know where it is. I actually used the HDMI port and the past through charging to play a game and it worked like a charm.  I highly recommend this VAVA device for anyone who is missing some of their old ports.
connect phone to TV without breaking bank	Just perfect, just works, just what I needed to connect anything to iPad Pro. Like that it has USB-c pass through charging. The perfect travel dongle. Only ONE thing to keep in case with iPad. Quality of item seems good & cable/connectors seem sturdy. Full disclosure: I take care of my electronic things, so it will not see a lot of abuse, but could probably stand up to it.
Mouse Receiver Doesn't Work	light weight, build quality, nice looking.Worth the price in my opinion.
as advertised - good value	Great Product. It’s works as described. I would recommend this device.
Great tool	Very light weight and has several plug ins making it a convenient tool. Good product for taking it to go as well.
Working as advertised	No need to go to the apple store and spend tons of money on an Apple product. The quality build on this item is awesome. It is light but not bulky. I wish the cable was not stiff but other than that I loved it. I needed to upload pictures from my SD card and the process was fast. I'm not a computer person, but there were no issues. Shipping was fast and it also comes with an extra warranty.
Very nice product!!!	This usb c docking system is amazing! It works smoothly and its display is bright is very nice. I absolutely enjoy this unit and recommend it to anyone in search of a usb c docking system
work for me	Its perfect for what I need it for
A must have to complement your laptop	Tested it on Windows Laptop and MacBook. it works perfectly. I was looking for to meet the categories:1) USB-C connector to my laptop.2) Power-in with another USB-C port.3) HDMI port.4) Three USB 2/3 ports..5) SD/MicroSD card slots.In addition I don't want it to have other ports that I will not use in order to reduce size, e.g. VGA/DVI ports, Ethernet port, sound port etc.
Perfect match for my MacBook	Works really well! I just got it and was excited to try it. I connected it to my hdmi and it works great. It’s very lightweight as well. Definitely a solid buy.
Satisfied customer	Excellent Product! Works great! Does everything that I need it to do!
Great purchase	Worth buying! it serves its purpose, I bought this for my Ipad pro coz I got this wireless keyboard and works really well! Highly recommended!
Does what is supposed to	I have had difficulty adding files to my Ipad pro and was looking for a way to upload them. This Vava USB C hub was just what I was looking for. I was skeptical if it would work because I had tried other products before. It worked like a charm. I was able to access thumb drives and SD cards with ease. So glad I found this product.
Excellent	This is a great product, comes with extended warranty. Product arrived a day early. I would highly recommend this product.
Works well!	it can perfectly match my MACBOOK PRO, now there are no problems. The read / write speeds connected to the USB 3.0 port are impressive. It is perfect for daily office and travel.
Matches the Space Grey Macbook Air	This is really the most practical device I have ever seen. easy to plugin and gives fast transfer rate with USB. The transmission speed is good. I'd Like to recommend it.
work for me	Very good product
Very high quality product!!!!	I originally got an IOGear USB-C docking station for my 2019 MacBook Pro. That was a real piece of s**t.  It was laggy, the external monitor often required multiple tries to turn on when hooked up to the laptop, and it was bulky as well.  I finally decided to order a replacement and decided on the VAVA. It does pretty much the same thing as the IOGear unit, but work flawlessly and was about 1/3 the price!
Excellent!!!	Fast delivery, and works perfectly for my needs. Thanks!!!
Definitely worth it!	Out of the packaging this device worked perfectly. I was able to quickly output both the Samsung DeX and Screen mirroring from my S20+. It had the added benefit of being high frame rate as well. I was able to capture it to my desktop via an Elgato HD60S in 60 FPS no problem. I couldn't use my Otterbox while using the hub because the plastic enclosure for the adapter was too wide to fit the entry. It didn't work for a Nintendo Switch, but I didn't really expect it to. All in all, this product works great for what I got it for!
Excellent	We just recently bought a MacBook Air and needed an adapter device cause of the silly one type port on it and we came across this one and another that was a little cheaper. Even though the other product had more reviews and the majority was good, we liked what this one had to offer. And now that we have used it we are happy with our purchase. The color and look of it is great, it's slim and feels lightweight but durable, doesn't feel cheap. We like that it came with 3 USB ports where as the other one we looked at only had 2. When we tried it out everything worked great, didn't seem to have any issues. The device itself didn't seem to overheat at all and multiple ports work at the same time. Overall we were really happy with our purchase.
	
  I have recently purchased HP spectra laptop which comes with only one USB C port and one normal USB port.. With multiple device attchments its very difficult for me to mannage with these 2 ports on my laptop. Then i started looking for USB C HUB and came across this  device.I must say I am very much happy with this Purchase.. This device contains :One USB C portThree USB 3.0 portsOne HDMI portOne USB pd portOne TF card slotOne memory card slotEarlier if I am charging my laptop then i cannot charge mobile at the same time but with this i can charge both at a time..I can add my pend drive and hard disc at the same time as it gives 3 USB ports..I have also connected my laptop with TV using hdmi cable and it works perfect..The device is small and easy to carry while travelling..Overall I am very much satisfied with this product.. for the price its a very good deal.

	
  Recently got a Samsung Tab S6 so was looking for a good USB-C Hub for Dex mode that would allow charging, at least 2-3 USB-A ports, & a HDMI port as well. After a couple of misses trying other brands (one I didn't realize didn't have a HDMI port, another the PD charging port didn't work properly), I settled on trying out this VAVA hub. After a few days I can say it works perfectly. My biggest concern was whether the PD charging port would work correctly, however I've had no issues. I'm using a 30W PD charger & the hub works great with it.This hub is 100% compatible with the Tab S6 as well as the Galaxy S10+. I tested it with both devices & it works great with both. Its a plug in & go hub, it either immediately triggers Dex mode or a prompt on the devices asking if you want to activate Dex mode. (I've included pictures of both the Tab S6 & S10+ with the hub plugged into each one to show it works.)For the price you get a lot of ports in this hub as well which I appreciate. I'm able to have a mouse USB receiver, a HDMI cable, & my PD charging cable all plugged in with no issues at all. I appreciate the placement of the HDMI port as well. Its not crammed onto one of the sides in a cramped position, but instead on the other end of the hub. For ports there is also a regular SD card slot, as well as a microSD card slot along with 2 other USB-A ports. There is no ethernet port for this hub model in particular however, so keep that in mind if that's something you may want.Overall I would definitely recommend this USB-C Hub, especially for anyone looking for an afforadable hub for any Samsung Dex users!

	
  Works great with my Del XPS 13 2-in-1 laptop.  It allows me to connect to my desktop monitor, USB 3 external hard drive and the pass through power keeps the computer charged while I'm working at home.  It's also easier to insert a micro SD memory card into the card reader than the one on the computer.  I'm using a bluetooth mouse and keyboard so can't comment on a usb mouse and keyboard but I imagine they would work just fine also.  It is also a reasonable size for travel.  I may consider buying another to allow me to connect to hotel TV's when I start traveling for business again.Overall a great product at a reasonable price.  Highly recommended based on my initial use.

	
  I bought this to use as a usb hub as well as an sd card reader. I don't use the hdmi, but it's nice to have if I ever do. Transfer speeds (for the usb drives) are approximately the same as the usb port on my laptop. Build quality feels really good. Doesn't feel cheap or fragile. All in all this is a very quality usb hub and one of the cheaper ones I found with all of these features. Only thing I would change, and this is an extremely minor nitpick, It would be nice if the short cable was a little less stiff. Other than that, I love everything so far.

	
  I used this hub as a cheap docking station for my Mac pro. It comes with a USB-C port which is connected to the power, and HDMI for the display. It has 3 USB ports for keyboard, and other accessories (flash drive, mouse, etc). And it only take one USB-C port and I could use the other port for another hub. Some hub will use two USB-C to get 7 input and this one is really nice to use only one. I could buy another hub or a usb-c to HDMI connector to hook up a second display.Everything works smoothly after connected and the grey color match the grey laptop very well.This hub not only works with Mac but any usb-C connected device, like newer Leveno laptop. So that is an added bonus as well.Overall, i really like the product and it well worth the money and much cheaper than the official 3-1 hub from apple.

	
  I was looking for a way to get extra USB and an SD card in my MacBook and this ended up being perfect. It’s a lot smaller than I was expecting but it fits perfectly in the little pouch with the charging cord. Exactly what I needed for on the go. I won’t even notice the added item to my bag.

	
   My wife recently purchased a 201916 inch MacBook Pro and her only complaint  about the MacBook Pro is that only comes with USB-C ports and nothing else, to be true that’s annoying because there’s  too many connections that we use on a daily basis that is hard to get used to only use USB-c connectors, well now all that is thing of the past we,  Selected these hub because of the good reviews and the looks of it, and I can’t say that I am very impressed, of course as soon as we got it we tried tested the connection and transfer speed and didn’t let us down, The biggest test we did was to stream 4K movie to our projector using the HDMI cable while copying some footage of our go pro max to the mabook at the same time and also charging the computer from the hub, so we were using three ports, the USB-C, the HDMI and the SD card reader at the same time, well............it was child’s play for the hub, Didn’t slow the transfer and image quality didn’t have any latency or stop at any moment wow

	
   I have gotten and tried several C Hubs over the last couple of weeks and while this might not be the most versatile it is the smallest and has pretty much anything you would need in a normal traveling situation.  It keeps the size down by pretty much having every kind of slot people use on a daily basis and none of the "once every blue moon" slots that some have, which is nice if you need blue moon slots but since most of us just was a few extra USB slots and someplace to plug in a extra SD card, this will take care of all of that and do it really well plus you can drop it into your pocket easy enough it is so small.  Don't let the size fool you, the performance matched any other hub I have tried so this is a deal, take a look and if it fills your requirements this is a quality 5 Star product.

	
   The main reason I purchased this Hub is because due to the pandemic I'm 100% of the time at home . As we know there are a lot of free great games for our phones, so instead of spending money buying new games for my PS4 I wanted to mirror the screen of my phone to the TV.... I tried casting it wireless, but due to the wireless speed I got lag and it was impossible to match what I had in the phone with what I was seeing on TV.With this HUB I connect my phone to my 70" TV trough the HDMI cable and it's so cool !! No lag at all ,  the image is responsive.There is a DC In (USB-C), so while I'm playing my phone can charge at the same time...I also use it to read the SD card of my drone in my phone...There are no cons.I definitely recommend it.

	
  I bought this to round out support for my little "mobile office".  My setup consists of a Pixelbook Go, Lepow Monitor,  Logitech M355 Portable Wireless Mouse, and an Anker PowerCore 10000 PD Redux Charger.  The Vava USB C Hub allows me to add extra ports for accessories like my Smart Card reader and still charge my laptop. It works perfectly. I like the fact that it is really light as well. Plus, it's really not very expensive. I'm very pleased with my purchase.

	
  I recently purchase a MacBook Pro and was looking for adaptors. This is the best purchase as everything is in one place and the price is right. Highly recommend.

	
  I like the fact that it has a DC IN that I can use to plug my charger . It also looks really nice with the color matches with my Macbook

	
  Pretty sleek considering it provides 7 different ports as opposed to more bulky ones in the market that provide 4 ports.

	
  Great looking product. Nice match to my Space Grey Macbook! Port layout keeps cords organized.

	
  Very good, all kinds of interfaces are practical, small and beautiful, not heavy, portable accessories, a multi-purpose.

	
  I have 2 USB devices, a Jabra speaker and a keyboard, and an HDMI display. They all work perfectly. I would recommend it.

	
  It is well-structured and has no extra parts, as long as it is powered on and connected to the Internet, it can work normally.

	
  Used this like a docking station for my keyboard, mouse and monitor.  I like how I can power from the unit.

	
  I am satisfied with this USB-C adapter. I bought it because I need HDMI, VGA and audio. The adapter is working properly. worth buying!

	
  Bought this for my Macbook. It's small, light and doesn't get hot even when using most of the ports all day. I recommend this for sure.

	
  Small lightweight and easy to use; very pleased.  Would be ideal if the Company could design to include both a DISPLAYPORT plug and and HDMI plug :)

	
  This item is very light and can easily fit in any compartment of my backpack or in my laptop sleeve. It has been working great so far!!

	
  I really love this device, because it is such high quality, yet so simple. Perfect for travel and works great. Would recommend!

	
  Feels solid. Worked perfectly when plugged into my iPad Pro and Dell laptop. Plug and play!

	
  This VAVA USB_C HUB(VA-UC017) is very good to use multi connection. I used HDMI, PD and USB3.0 with Macbook pro daily in my office.

	
  Works great for macbook pro,2020

	
  The build quality is solid. I connect this directly to my Macbook Pro and the pass through charging works as expected.

	
  This has made my workflow easier when using my ipad for video work and/or more like a laptop.

	
  Purchased this USB C hub to expand the number of USB ports for my HP laptop. It works great and allows me to connect 3 extra USB devices (Mouse Receiver, External Hard Drive, iPhone). I also use it to charge my Apple iPad Pro (2018) using PD port.  The device is small, portable and easy to carry when travelling. It's a powerful plug and play device and easy to use.Overall a great product at a reasonable price. Very pleased with the purchase.

	
  This works great with my Macbook Air. Its small and light weight yet seems very sturdy. Good for travel.

	
  A different brand I had  broke and always had connection issues. This worked great out of the box and is so much more sturdy then the other more expensive one I had.

	
  Exactly what I want

	
  It works very well.  Price was good.

	
  Best thing when you have your laptop and work from home!It helps me so much

	
  Bought this to use as a usb hub as well as to connect to my monitor via HDMI. It works perfectly without any problems once so ever. Highly Recommend!

	
  Just amazing product! Look great and has all the features you need! And it works as advertised!

	
  shipped very quickly as always with amazon. The product works wonderfully and is exactly what I was looking for to plug in usbs and a hdmi cord.

	
  this device is so useful i love it

	
  All USB type A ports are high speed/3.0Compact sizeEasy to travel with

	
  Very good product.

	
  Works perfectly!

	
  This dongle is perfect for Mac Book Pro Users

	
  Nice and premiun product. Works well.

	
  This is why I love Anker products. They always produce high quality gadgets that just work. I installed the Anker USB C Hub, 5-in-1 USB C Adapter and plugged in my HDMI cable and Boom!!! Video display on 2nd monitor was working. The USB C Dock from Lenovo cost $150 more and does the same thing, and does not include a SD/TF Card Reader. Well done Anker. I'm a Fan Boy for Anker but that's because I buy their products.

	
  Really like it and recommend it.

	
  I am in LOVE with this product! It has been soooooo useful in my everyday life. Having a hub with so many ports has helped to just make everything go smoother. Definitely will be using this product everyday.

	
  Got here quick. Works well.

	
  It feels very light after receiving,it is very convenient to carry with the computer,many functions,and a variety of connected connectors for easy use.

	
  Great product, highly recommend!

	
  Solid product

	
  Portable and durable hub for accessing all sorts of older files on my smartphone.  This accommodates most of the common memory storage disks used over the last 20 years and it's simple to use.  Very helpful for retrieving information and memories.

	
  Great Product for my Chromebook!

	
  Works perfect

	
  Product came really fast and does exactly as specified. Can't beat it with the new mac air that only comes with C hub connection.

	
  Perfect for my MS surface book!!

	
  Easy to use！

	
  It's recommended by my friend. I like the sd card reader design.

	
  came really quick. using this for my dash cam parking mode.

	
  Easily manages all of my devices

	
  It did work as expected!!

	
  Such a great product I purchased two of them.

	
  I like this product. It works well.

	
  Great feel, good quality

	
  Great product for a great price

	
  It is great for the macbook air

	
  Excellent!

	
  Used the product for a projector. Worked great.

	
  great product! works perfectly!

	
  Perfect size and great quality!

	
  Sleek and solid feeling hub. works as expected.

	
  Amazing item! Highly recommend

	
  Very good product

	
  This is exactly what it was supposed to be.  Works perfectly!

	
  this is so perfect for my ipad pro!! so happy to have it.

	
  Great quality, good product...

	
  light weight, build quality, nice looking.Worth the price in my opinion.

	
  Great product, highly recommend!!

	
  Great hub! Really compact and perfect for my home office!

	
  Awesome! What I wanted plus!

	
  Works exactly as needed and advertised. Thank you!

	
  Jack of all trades. Works great, Convenient and easy to use.

	
  best type c hub I have used !

	
  Half the price of what Apple is charging and works like a charm. Very happy!!

	
  So beautiful and light, works fine with my macbook air 2020.

	
  I really liked that it has multiple ports.

	
  This usb hub is exactly what I needed. Looks sleek and works great.

	
  this is perfect for us bouncing between office and home office!

	
  Travel friendly with enough ports for anything I need to do.

	
  Seems like it is solidly made. Has worked great so far.

	
  I received it. The quality is very good. It's very good to use. It's affordable.

	
  Pretty small as well so easy to travel with.

	
  I love this works great ! And so easy to use !

	
  Everything I wanted and much better than the previous USB C Adapters I've been using.

	
  Loved this product it was a good price a and it arrived fast I love it so far 👌

	
  Great Product, Highly Recommend..Definitely exceeded my expectations..

	
  Turned my Macbook pro to a true pro! thank you

	
  This works for my basic needs when using my MacBook air with my monitor and desk setup! Good price!

	
  Great product! Excellent for its use! Recommend for apple MacBook.

	
  High quality USB C hub

	
  Very portable and useful device, and it matches with the color of my iPad.

	
  I love this adaptor. It is functional, stylish and convenient. It can accommodate all my needs. Highly recommend!

	
  Nice amount of ports but wireless mouse is jumpy and external hard drive doesn't work as well.

	
  Great hub and hdmi to usb-c adapter

	
  So happy to finally have a USB-C HUB with all the ports I need! I won't be needing any adapters from now on

	
  Works great and so much cheaper than an Apple USB dongle.

	
  I like the size of this hub. It is a good size for traveling and the material feels authentic.

	
  Product of very good quality, and especially portable. It works properly, highly recommend

	
  Excellent product, functional, compact, convenient, and great price.  The 3 USB ports is especially useful.

	
  I plugged it in, and it works as it should.  Fast transfer speeds, and seems very sturdy.

	
  Great product at a reasonable price 😁

	
  Good quality. Function as expected.

	
  Great product and really helpful for connect a bunch of devices to my MacBook Pro that are not UBS -C!

	
  please +wish listI have bought 3 times.It turns out it's really useful.Very functional.

	
  It works like a charm. Very multifunctional.

	
  Great Product , Highly Recommended !!!

	
  This is product is excellent, compact and easy to us. I’ll highly recommend it to all my friends. ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️

	
  Affordable with good quality! It works perfectly with my MacBook.

	
  product arrived on time, packaged very well, and its pretty sturdy/well constructed. working as expected so far.

	
  The Hub is just what I needed.  I can power the laptop and have the HDMI and USB connections.

	
  It's good. It's made very well. It's exactly the same as the description. It's very convenient to use

	
  Works great. As advertised.

	
  It works perfectly with my music equipment!

	
  Works great!

	
  The price and size of the product are very good, and it is widely used. I carry it with me. It won't take up much space, no problem!

	
  Great quality item! Very sleek and durable. Makes my workflow a lot easier with all the external hard drives I have

	
  Nice design, exactly what I needed. All ports work well, and it feels sturdy yet very light.

	
  This came in a nice package and matches very well with MacBook space gray color. Everything works as it should.

	
  The product is very good, fine workmanship, beautiful and practical, good compatibility, stable transmission, easy to use.

	
  Very nice design, compact and beautiful. The PD port is a great feature, which saves me at least one port on my mac

	
  I needed a sturdy and efficient product to use with my new Mac and this was it. Works great!

	
  Great adaptable item!!! Much needed ports for on the go computer guy.

	
  Sleek design and made with good material. Small USB-C Hub with multiple functions, worth the money!

	
  It's super convenient being able to charge my iPad while beint connected to other devices.

	
  I'm surprised by its quality and functionality. Very solid materials. It works well instantly when it is connected.

	
  Excellent adapter, exactly what I needed to connect my monitor, mouse while I'm also charging my computer.

	
  Really great product, I’ve been trying to find a USB C adapter and I’m very satisfied with my choice on this one. Works perfectly.

	
  I think it is worth.This is very good product, and very convenient to use. I am happy with this product.

	
  Seems to work as expected and is a nice quality.

	
  Reliable connection and sturdy build. Definitely would recommend for a budget friendly and dependable hub.

	
  Compared to its higher priced peers, this port was amazing! It also included 3 USB ports which helps me during projects to upload multiple items at a time.

	
  The color of the hub matches well with the space gray macbook products and they provide great extension of the thunderbolt-3 ports at a low price.

	
  I really like that this USB-C Hub is smaller compared to the other Hubs that I have seen. It’s the perfect size to take on the go.

	
  It's smaller than you'd think, it's convenient, it's better than anyone else's

	
  Although this hub is powerful, it looks like it is made of great materials, and it is well connected without any problems. It is worth buying!

	
  This ITEM is very compact and usefull. My laptop only has 3 USB C port very usefull.

	
  This is an excellent adapter hub. It is small and contains everything I need, and only takes up one thunderbolt port!

	
  The build quality of this hub is amazing, and the exterior appearance looks very nice. It has all of the features you would need.

	
  It is very compact, easy to carry and use, and it looks very high quality. After using it a few times, he has no problems and is worth buying!

	
  This product exceeded my expectations and is sold at a fair price. I would recommend it to others.

	
  Gotta love this product, especially with it giving me access to USB 3.0 ports to make the best use of my flash drives

	
  Product appearance is very simple and generous, is the type I want, simple operation.Good quality and cheap price.

	
  This is a great adapter. It's a good looking product and the build quality feels solid. I've had no issues connecting multiple devices with this adapter. Highly recommend!

	
  After the goods arrived, I opened it and looked at it. It was just right for use and it was very convenient. I was very happy

	
  I bought this for my new iPad Pro so I can connect it to my tv. Works great and I can charge my iPad at the same time. Great value!

	
  VAVA USB C Hub works great and I am very happy with my purchase. I would recommend to anyone looking for a USB C Hub.

	
  The work of hub is very stable. I put it in the office. It has many interfaces, very fast data transmission, and much more convenient office.

	
  Lovely design,looks very sleek once in place.The color also matched perfectly.All in all,great value for money.

	
  his works great for all my connections including hardline cable, printer, cord, extra USB ports for my blue tooth keyboard and mice

	
  It works well and provides all other required ports. I travel a lot, and its small size makes it easy to fit in my laptop bag without taking up too much space.

	
  Incredible flexibility and numerous connection sites.  Better than expected and a great value for the price paid.

	
  Does whats its suppose to do, and feels pretty High Quality

	
  Great product, compact, multiple ports and amazing quality overall.  Using the adapter for 2 months, no issues. Highly recommended.

	
  My laptop only has 2 USB A ports and this is just what is needed to have my keyboard, mouse, flash drives and USB cables all plugged in at once.

	
  I really like this product, it solves a lot of my problems, and the transmission of videos and files is very fast. I would recommend more people to buy it.

	
  It is a very compact dock and weighs very less too making it very easy to carry. Additionally, the build material feels very solid as well.

	
  I feel that since I own it, my mobile phone has become a micro-notebook, and it has helped me do a lot of work that can only be done with a laptop.

	
  This hub is smaller than I expected and is very well-made. It's sturdy and the ports all work as expected. I would definitely purchase it again!

	
  Works better than expected, overall great purchase.

	
  Awesome little product! Small, compact, and convenient! Highly recommend it!

	
  I very much love this! it makes my computer work much easier

	
  nice product, small hub, looks high quality,easy to carry, easy for travel, I use this for my laptop, it will have everything I need

	
  Love the product. Works very well with my 2018 15” Macbook Pro! Looks very sleek and clean compared to the one I used to have.

	
  It's a very practical tool, which can make my laptop have more expansion interfaces. I tried every function, and they are not abnormal, which makes me satisfied.

	
  Better than the one that Apple sold me when I bout my MacBook and for a fraction of the price. Haven't used the sd or hdmi ports yet but the USB ports have worked amazingly.

	
  I love how versatile this product is!!! It works flawlessly and I have no complaints at all!!! This works better than Anker and any other dock adapters that I’ve used in the past!!!

	
  Compact...easy to use. Using it to connect my monitor for Samsung Dex and can now get a full pc experience as I can plug a Bluetooth keyboard and mouse.Great product.. highly recommend!!

	
  It's well designed, it's very versatile, and I'm glad it's much smaller than I expected. I'm also happy that it includes an Ethernet connection - the most critical connection I need.

	
  There is no problem after the link, and the reading speed is very fast. I need many functions of it. I tried every one of them, and they can be used normally.

	
  The hub has good compatibility, multi-functional conversion interface and supports various types of access requirements, which is very good.

	
  It's a great product, very effective for both my macbook pro and iPad pro, for example, it allows you to instantly connect everything you need to use without problems. I recommend it.

	
  Got the extra ports i needed in my laptop. Great product at a great price. Highly recommended!

	
  Having a laptop with only one usb plug but two c connections was tough till I got this. Thank you so much I can now have a mouse, cd drive and my camera card.

	
  I bought this hub on the recommendation of a friend. This is a very convenient and useful device. I really like it.This will save me a lot of walking across the house.

	
  Works perfectly!!

	
  Bought this for my Microsoft Surface Pro X since it only has USB-C ports. VAVA USB-C Hub works great. Feels very well built, provides all the ports I need and easily stores in my laptop bag.

	
  I love it. It has all I need into one. The only thing I dislike is the cord. Its a bit hard to bend or “fold” other than that it’s all that I was looking for.

	
  I used VAVA for transferring data between my phone and flash drive and laptop, I like the travel size and also the speed of data transfer.

	
  Works perfectly!

	
  Perfect, affordable option to expand connectivity.  Well-made, sleek design.  Pass through charging works flawlessly and USB 3 ports transfer fast.  Excellent choice over other more expensive models.

	
  Works  as described, plug and play and no issues with any of the ports so far

	
  Works well on a mac book

	
  I never heard about the brand, but from other reviewers, I gave a try.  I like it with versatility and compact size with space-saving.  I want to get one more for my son's Chromebook.

	
  Great product, works well. No issue detecting monitor via HDMI port unlike some other USB-C hubs I've used

	
  It is more than I expect. It’s really light. Perfect for travel I’m really happy with it. Size is perfect.

	
  Not much to say other than it works exactly as described. No complaints. Build quality feels great. Doesn't actually get that warm for me either. Highly recommended.

	
  I can use all old devices to plug into this hub and use other types of cables on it to charge. It stays well and does make life easier. Saved me a lot of trouble!

	
  It's designed and built to work seamlessly with windows and MAC. I have all the expansion ports in the hub that I may require, and the price is reasonable. I recommend this product

	
  With limited ports in my current laptop, this USB-C hub really helped to allow the devices I needed to be connected at the same time. It is exactly as pictured and working well with all my connections.

	
  Very easy to use. Once plug in, everything works. Used with my Macbook Pro and connected to Logitech mouse and keyboard. Also tried the HDMI monitor. Everything works.  Very good.

	
  Great quality, and does what it needs to do efficiently!

	
  I bet everyone needs it, as long as you own a mobile phone. It can help you realize many functions that mobile phones can't achieve.

	
  This product adds another level of productivity to any device. I use it for my iPad Pro and all the ports work beautifully. I will definitely stick to this brand for any outputs and wire support I need. Thank you Vava!

	
  Just like the pictures. Works great! Highly recommend!

	
  Have been using it for over a week now. So far so good! No complaints. I use it to connect my Macbook Pro to an external 1080p HDMI monitor and a few USB peripherals. Works great!

	
  Works great with my Surface laptop 3. It allows me to connect to my desktop monitor, USB 3 external hard drive. It's also easier to insert a micro SD memory card into the card reader

	
  Such a great product! If you are looking a for a simple HDMI to USB-C adapter, don't. Invest your money into this because you could use the other ports for misc use instead of later paying for another separate adapter!

	
  Great USB adapter!  Lightweight and compact and ready to use out of the box.  At this price point, you can’t expect much better!  Would definitely recommend.

	
  Overall product is good, used for my MacBook pro worked well connected HDMI,USB,mouse works well no issue

	
  I just bought a new laptop and found the device very helpful in managing all my connections. It's definitely a good thing to unplug a lot of wires from my computer. It's easy to use.

	
  With the new MacBook, I need something that can use all the regular USB ports. It's smaller than I thought. It fits in the same box as my external hard drive, so it's easy to carry wherever I need to go.

	
  Nice clean and solid construction, it will hold up well for travel, you do not have to worry about breaking it. All the ports work and I've used all of them.

	
  Love the quality of this, feels sturdy in my hand. The charging works well, and the fact that it has a wire from the hub to the computer allows it to be put in various positions. This is a really good product!

	
  This hub has everything I need. Great build quality - it feels premium. I was very impressed by the quality and durability of this product.

	
  Small hub for laptop, easy to carry.  Great product to connect existing peripherals to new laptop MacBook Pro and Dell XPS with USB-C ports. It is very useful.

	
  This hub is very nice. I am been using it for a while and never had problem. Highly recommend!

	
  I now have this plugged into my Mac mini and all USB ports full. Works great, no dropouts or issues of any kind.Looks good and works well.

	
  This product is thoughtful and should provide years of quality service. It's small, so it doesn't take up too much space in the gadget kit. Never disappointed. Absolutely value for money.

	
  This is exactly what I need. I will buy at least 3 or more in a few months. I need to buy more equipment first. Anyone who needs to use more USB sockets than the one shipped with the laptop should buy

	
  This product exceeded our expectations. Love how compact it is and also includes so many connection options. It also matches the color of our MacBook!

	
  This is a great lightweight portable USB C Hub. I use it for my iPad Pro and it adds all of the ports I need. The pass through power adapter delivers plenty of power for accessories. I’m very happy with this purchase.

	
  This is a perfect product. It combines multiple functions. I tried to use each function and it can be used normally. This is very helpful to me and greatly improves my work efficiency on the computer.

	
  I have a 32-inch TV screen, the picture is very clear, without flickering, I think it is very valuable for the price. Still learning how to use certain connections, this will be a good addition to my office

	
  This was to fill the need of not having an SD port on my current USB C hub. Has worked great so far and love the  fact that it just looks like a quality made product.

	
  Nice product, nice color and materials. A super all in one solution for USB-C Mac's.

	
  Initial review is that hub is made of quality materials. The size is perfect for traveling and doesn't clutter your desk. No issues with using multiple monitors.

	
  I am satisfied with the quality, size and structure. It has not only USB functions, but also other uses. I used the HDMI slot to plug into the monitor and it worked well. As it describes, it works very well

	
  Very suitable for my computer, more convenient for me to charge my two phones at the same time, I like it very much!

	
  This product was more than expected!! It works perfectly with my MacBook and my usb drives, would definitely recommend!!!! An added plus, it’s small size allows it to fit perfectly in my laptop case!!!

	
  I can use the hdmi port to connect to an external monitor, or use the usb port for a mouse, keyboard, phone or headset. The construction and material quality of the adapter is excellent

	
  The price of other multi interface hubs is very high. This price is very rare. Every function of it can be used normally. I have tested all of them. There is no abnormality after linking the device. This is a good choice.

	
  I got this to use it with my MacBook Pro, it did work great so far! im happy with my purchase!

	
  Just transitioned to a new space grey macbook air. I've been using my Vava Hub since there are only 2 USB-C ports. It's worked great so far. Does exactly what I need it to--nothing more, nothing less. Good value buy!

	
  This is exactly what I was looking for. I needed a USB c hub for my Macbook Pro and this allows me to connect multiple storage devices along with an external monitor. Debating buying another!

	
  Reliable link, no drop phenomenon, USB3.0 transmission speed, video interface stability, smooth image transmission.

	
  Impressed with the look/feel of this hub. It already feels sturdier than the last one I ordered from a different brand, whos hdmi port stopped working after a few months. It is working great and has everything I need.

	
  Vava provides three USB 3.0 ports, which can be used at the same time. It is very convenient to use, plug and play. It can also charge other devices while transferring data, which is really super practical

	
  Works... been using it for about a day now.

	
  The hub doesn't need external power, but it does help when using an external monitor. The hub gets a little warm after prolonged use, especially if powered. The hub feels well made and will hopefully be durable.

	
  Its very premium feel hub. Tiny but very powerful. Definetely worth it

	
  I was looking for a device to connect my 2020 Macbook Air to HDMI and USB 3. It works very well and has additional connectors for #3 USB-3, HDMI, and USB-C, which is what I generally need it for. Its small, portable, and work every penny.

	
  I plugged the TV into HDMI for testing, and used it as the second screen, with the Mac screen as the main display. It is simple to store. The hub is better than I expected due to the use of high-quality materials, not cheap plastic housing.

	
  Exactly what I needed for my MacBook. 3 USB ports are the best feature since most adapters only have 1-2. Nice material quality as well.

	
  This adapter is just what I was looking for to keep my devices and computers charged.  There are multiple inputs to charge, use an extra monitor and other accessories.

	
  The product has a good combination of USB-3 ports, HDMI and the most useful feature is the PD port (charging). I attached a wireless mouse, keyboard, monitor and power supply and just need to connect 1 USB C to my laptop and they all work well

	
  I love that I do not have cables spread across my desk from multiple devices being plugged into various ports. The USB Dock is quick, clean, and efficient.

	
  I purchased this USB-C hub to go with my Macbook Pro and it's been one of the best purchases when it comes to accessories. I bought this in order to plug in midiKeyboards, sd cards amongst other USB devices and it hasn't failed me yet.

	
  I am very happy with the better features that can be obtained using this hub, which is a great product for us. The dual HDMI connection allows us to use two monitors at the same time, which is essential for my wife's work.

	
  I've now been through 5 C-multiport adapters setting up my home office during COVID. This one has a nice arrangement of desired ports, and a sleek solid look.

	
  Small size doesn't clutter the desktop, very nice for travel.  Works exactly as described.

	
  This is exactly what I want. I especially like the SD card slot. My printer is saved to the SD card, there is no USB memory slot, so when I need to scan multiple pages and save, they can solve my trouble.

	
  Perfect form and built with needed slots for the usual ports that you need to connect your MacBook to external sources. Bang for the buck!

	
  Glad I found this usb-c hub! It allows me to charge the 15 inch macbook pro and connect it to a peripheral with a single cable. The build appears to be of high quality, and the ports are fast enough to run my SATA SSD at full speed.

	
  This is obviously solid top quality electronics. The cord is solid. everything works great

	
  I turned on the power and it worked normally. There is nothing to complain about. When connecting the laptop's power supply to the PD port and the hub to the laptop's USB-C power port, he has no problems!

	
  This sleek USB-C Hub fits the bill with ports to accommodate all my connected devices -- monitor, keyboard and mouse.  It's working great!

	
  Very compact, light, useful and well-built product. The metal finish feels really nice and high quality. The ports it offers are exactly what I will be using and need. If you don't need an Ethernet port on your hub, look no further. This is one of the best.

	
  Bought this USB-C hub for my sister. She owns the Macbook Pro that includes the USB-C ports. The products feels very high quality and is also very lightweight. I have seen other reviews and I agree with their positive comments.

	
  it may not have a Ethernet socket, hence it small size. The other one (different brand) did not work when I connected to the laptop even with power. It will keep turning on and off repeatedly so I sent it back and bought the VAVA and it worked right away!

	
  Light weight and small, not bulky. Works perfect with my Mac stuff.

	
  The 7-in-1 adapter is very convenient and easy to carry around.This thing is solving a bunch of my problems, and I'm going to get another one to use at home.

	
  Amazed by the quality. For the price I wasn’t sure what to expect, but quality wasn’t sacrificed for price here. Quick uploads/downloads/transfers. Very lightweight & packable. I’ll be purchasing another soon!

	
  I purchased a beat machine for my sone and needed USB capability with the Mac Book Pro. You should have seen his face light up when we were finally able to connect the beat machine and the lights came on. It looks nice and gets the job done.

	
  Bought this for my wife's MacBook Pro so that she could easily transfer photos from her DSLR camera SD card. Works flawlessly, and is extremely compact and lightweight, so it fits easily in her computer bag. Great product, highly recommended!

	
  This expansion dock is really worth buying. If you connect the MacBook with it, you can save a series of things like taking a USB converter and a card reader when you go out. In addition, its appearance is very technological and beautiful.

	
  Exactly what I needed since my Lenova Yoga only has 1USB port. Works great Plugs into USB C port on the laptop giving  me 4 USB3 Type A ports, Plus a HDMI port and various card readers. Great on time shipping and packaging.

	
  This item is an overall hero, so functional and compact. I have a macbook air 2020 and its port limitions came to an end with this hub.

	
  Pro: Product looks good, the quality is just about right with the price. Not heavy for travelling Cons: only have 7 slots, but still good for the price.  More slots are more pricier I believe

	
  I am very much satisfied with this hub very small and compact expected as it should be

	
  Awesome USB C hub. Strong construction and fast connectivity. PD has quick response, can handle multiple drives connected at the same time, and hdmi is seamless. Perfect for use with 2018 or newer iPad Pro.

	
  I really like this hub, having the charging port makes this a game changer when you only have 2 usb c ports on cpu. Will buy another for my sister

	
  Good portable USB hub for my laptop. 7 in 1 has pretty much all the ports that I need. Color goes well with my laptop too

	
  The product quality is good, the appearance looks very durable feeling, performance has not tried, but the requirements are not high, can be used, small shape, packaging is very good, a small box is quite good

	
  De los mejores adaptadores Usb C para un MacBook Pro , en primer lugar su precio es increíble a comparación de los que encuentran en el marco , Segundo la cantidad de puertos y su portabilidad  lo hacen un excelente compañero para todas tus viajes.No se arrepentirá por la Compra

	
  This is the best option if you need an adapter for your macbook pro. I needed 3 USB 3.0 ports and this thing delivered. WIth speed and agility. I love the compact design and how solid it feels. Not like other cheap plastic adapters. Definitely recommend buying this.

	
  I bought this so that I could connect my laptop to my TV with an HDMI cable and use a portable mouse with my laptop. I’ve had no issues with either thing, and it has multiple USB ports, which is really useful. It’s small and portable too, and overall it gets the job done!

	
  This hub is perfect for my new workstation at home. Very useful product that adds a lot of usability to my pc.I highly recommend it.

	
  This is the second hub I bought, a cheaper one but works great. It does not get hot on my MacBook 16 when connected to an external monitor, this was a big issue for my previous one. The connection is solid and not loose. Would recommend!

	
  Switched to working from home due to COVID19 crisis. Got this dongle so that I could charge my wireless mouse & keyboard for my mac book pro. Love that I can plug the charger into the dongle (you don't lose a port) and it also allows for 3 USB3.0 connections. Works well, no issues!

	
  I recently bought the Macbook Pro 2020 13 inch, and this accessory was a must buy! I bought my laptop in Space Gray and the hub color matches with laptop very well. Love the design, the build and compactness. Would buy again.

	
  The interface of laptop is not enough, it is very troublesome to plug and unplug every time. With this product, there is no need to worry about the interface is not enough, plug and play, responsive, transmission and charging are no problem.

	
  The adapter is an absolute savior. I bought it mainly because of the style of the device and the matching with the Macbook space gray color scheme. If you need to connect a normal USB / HDMI port / SD / microSD to Macbook Pro, I will definitely recommend this product.

	
  This product allows me to use multiple items with my laptop. I am able to share my screen on our TV to show pictures or play movies I have downloaded. I also like that I can plug in my phone and other devices. So many different ports.

	
  This little guy packs a bunch, great value. I was having connectivity issues with my webcam with a different hub and this solved the problem, perfect data stream and the right price. I am thinking of getting another one for my other device!

	
  The quality is very good and the device works great!

	
  I received it a few days ago. I like it so far. I used to have a usb-c hub, but could support dual HDMI monitors when needed. The hub functions exactly the same. The quality is great, connectivity is not lagging behind at all. Setup is very simple, just plug and play.

	
  Once you plug this in, the connection icon appears in the switch's operating system menu, and your connection should be normal.Really all I could ask for.

	
  I bought this mainly to be able to use my micro sd cards on my macbook pro. It works perfectly, just as expected. The build quality is very good and it is the perfect size to fit in my laptop bag and lug around everywhere. Highly recommend!

	
  I got a new MacBook Air, but It only has 2 type-C, I am looking forward a hub could make it more powerful, it works very well.

	
  I started to study photography and this is super useful for uploading the pictures on my computer. Works pretty well and I loved the design,  It is compact. You can use it for micro sd card, Sd card, hdmi, flash drive. I loved!

	
  Works great. Highly recommend it!

	
  I use it to connect my MacBook Air to my mouse, keyboard, monitor, printer, USB drive, etc. It is quick and easy to set up. It also comes with a power supply, so I can travel with the Apple PS in a suitcase. It is small and easy to connect.

	
  This hub is very functional because of the variety of ports it offers. It is great for me as a business travel because it’s small and compact, and also my laptop has very limited ports but this hub will allow me to connect with other technology in hotels, conference rooms, etc.

	
  I liked the product because it was compact, and still got the job done! I use it for a MacBook Air which only has 2 ports, none of which I can use since I don’t have usb-c adapters.

	
  I just got my new computer and did not have any usb c connectors to take the images off my memory card or use my Jump Drive so this was a great help I have 4 usb-c ports so I can put this hub on any side and get the job done... Thanks Much

	
  I'm a photographer and the lack of ports on the MacBook Air 2020 is kind of... bleh. I saw this and decided to bite the bullet and try it and it works wonders! Especially the SD card reader built into it. It makes transferring photos from my camera to my laptop seamlessly and so much better.

	
  I bought it for use as a USB hub and SD card reader, and bought a VAVA USB C hub, which is really good, well-made products, and very satisfied with this product. It's a little bigger than I expected, but it's still very suitable for me. It is exactly what I need on the go. I don't even feel how big it is.

	
  The product does exactly as advertised. Adapter allowed me to use a mouse, keyboard, display to an external monitor, and had an SD card reader so I could download pictures from my camera with ease. This adapter is perfect.

	
  This hub has everything you'll need and want, and it's super useful since it expands one thunder port into 7 more useful ports. The size is also a lot smaller than I thought it would be which is super nice for portability and travel.

	
  Very useful and good quality product. Before I was using  seperate adapters for usb and memory cards  as my laptop has only type c ports .Now this helps me a lot as I can connect everything to dock and easy to carry my laptop.Great product

	
  It is light and small and amazing storage. I was able  to transfer everything on my computer and it still have space for more. The weight is the most advantage for me, the one I had before was heavy and it bothered  me, this one is thin and light. I definitely recommend it

	
  I like this product. It has support for multiple USBs, which is useful for connecting devices such as keyboards and charging phones at the same time. In addition, we can connect the monitor, connect the power supply and connect the auxiliary cable, so all these functions are not bad.

	
  Thanks to this little guy, I was able to hide all my cables behind the monitor and achieved my “cordless setup”. It also deliverers 100w power supply to keep my 16” MacBook Pro charged. 5 Star all around.

	
  One of the nicest data transfer usb cable I used.  I am using it for quite few weeks, it's stable connectivity and high  data transfer is quite amazing.last but not least it comes with  great packaging and instructional manuals. I would love to recommend to my friends and colleagues.

	
  Great durable usb hub. The moment I got a hold of it, I could tell it was built to last a long time. There is no flex whatsoever. The body is a single piece of metal which at most, gets warm even when running power thru it. Works great with the Macbook Pro 16".

	
  So glad I bought this product!  It’s exactly what I needed for my new MacBook Air. This was a fraction of the price of the equivalent Apple accessory. It’s lightweight and much smaller than I expected, so it will easily fit in the case, without being bulky.

	
  So far it works well with my 2.4 Ghz keyboard and mouse by logitech (unlike QGeeM Hub). Better than buying a new keyboard and mouse. Will update if performance changes.

	
  Works perfectly with my iPad and my Chromebook.

	
  It perfectly matches the gray macbook, so it looks like it is straight from apple! It's a sleek, small, and easy to use device.I use it with my macbook Pro. Perfect. And it is really stable.

	
  Product works perfectly! Has 3 USB ports, a USB port, SD card slots, and an HDMI port. Super nifty!

	
  This is the multi-functional hub I have been looking for. During the isolation period, I have to work on the computer. Many of my devices have to be connected to the computer through the hub. The connection speed is very fast and can be used normally.

	
  This docking station is very easy to use, with many connection interfaces, good workmanship and quality, relatively practical, fast connection speed, plug and connect, and overall the quality, performance and design functions are relatively satisfactory. Lightweight and compact, you can carry it anywhere.

	
  These seven interfaces cover only current common devices and can be used while charging.It can connect peripheral devices such as mouse flash drives, monitors and televisions.VGA mode cannot transmit audio simultaneously.After the mouse is over, the operation of the phone and computer is basically the same!

	
  The material is upgraded in all directions, and the details and workmanship are constantly improved. It is indeed worth buying. It is recommended for everyone to use. The price is affordable and easy to carry at any time.

	
  Seems to work pretty well. One thing to note though the output power delivery seems to be 86W instead of 100W. This is probably something to do with using only 1 usb-c port since the Anker one does the same, so I'm not surprised. Works well.

	
  It's great for laptops with only USB-C ports, because I couldn't use keyboards and wireless mice before, so I chose this, and I really like it. It can not only charge the PC, but also connect to my computer as a USB port, which makes it easier to disconnect all devices at once. It makes everything easier.

	
  Just what I needed to connect my camera to my iPad Pro. We have basically been able to replace our computer with The iPad by using this!

	
  The device itself is sleek and light. Has all the necessary ports and functions great! The best part is that the company added a free warranty extension for 12 months in the box as well as another extra 12 months if you like their Facebook page. I can’t wait to use this product for the next couple years!

	
  This item is perfect for what I need, the product is compact, well sized an easy to cary on. The connection is easy and is easily sync with my new MacBook Pro 13inch laptop. I was looking something like this and I got one. I am really satisfied with this product and would recommend it for anyone who needs extra ports for their Mac.

	
  When shopping for a USB hub build quality is important.  I've only had this for a few days, but I am very pleased with how well this appears to have been made.  All of the ports are positioned well and work as expected. (I haven't tested the 4K capabilities)

	
  I keep this hub at my desk and plug the single hub into my computer when I am getting to work and everything goes live all at once, which saves a lot of time. The build quality is excellent and I can see this product lasting a very long time. I highly recommend this product!

	
  Build quality is better than expected; for the price I wasn’t assuming I was getting a top tier product; especially since my Apple dongles/adapters are always like 3x the price, but I’m very impressed with how all of the ports feel as well as the overall sturdiness of the adapter itself. Would buy again!

	
  Everything has been working great so far. So much if fact, that I've recommended this USB Hub to everyone at my work. We are all stuck using Chromebooks at home, so this little hub has allowed us to work with an actual readable sized monitor without spending a fortune.

	
  I bought this VAVA usb adapter for my MacBook and I’m loving it. I highly recommend it! It’s very portable so it’s very easy to travel with and have 3 USB ports and can read my SD cards. The material it’s very high quality and I’ve been using on mine iPad Pro too.

	
  Este dispositivo me sera muy util ya que cuento con diferentes puertos entre los cuales estan:- HDMI- USB 3.0- SD CARD- MICROSD- PORT USB C (Para cargar mi MAC)La calidad y los materiales son muy buenos y funciona a la perfección. Lo recomiendo 100%.Saludos;

	
  This Hub is really small and replaces docking station to almost certain extent. The cool thing is this Hub doesn't needed a separate power cable which reduces the cable close to work station.I have been using it for half a month without any abnormal problems, which I am very satisfied with.

	
  This is exactly what I was hoping for when I ordered it. I travel alot for work and have a lot of different things saved on different hard drives. This device makes it super easy to have multiple things connected at once and doesn't slow my computer down at all. It fits easily in my purse and is light weight. Perfect for traveling and multiple use!

	
  This adapter works great with my MacBook.  It has a sturdy build quality and it works amazing to connect all your your devices to your MacBook.  The adapter cord is a strong thick quality and this also packs up nicely for travel.  (I travel 2-3 weeks out of the month for work).  Highly Recommended.

	
  The hub is a good size and contains enough port for basic use at home or travel. I use one USB port each for a mouse, keyboard and still have a spare for usb drive.  If I want to connect to an external monitor there is the hdmi port. Overall I think it’s a good buy for MacBook owner since mine only come with 2 usb-c port

	
  I searched for a while online to find the best adapter that had both quality and price and I found it with this VAVA USB C Hub product.  Some other online products were cheaply made and others had much higher prices.  The VAVA has both.  It came nicely packaged and the product works like a dream.  Enjoy!

	
  Needed a hub that had 3 USB ports and an HDMI output and this was the best I could find. It works fine, havent had any issues with the HDMI output. I am doing passthrough charging to my mac while plugging in a keyboard and mouse as well. So far so good!

	
  After doing some through research I landed on this VIVA USB Hub and love the easy use. It's lightweight and supports my 64GB SD card which I use for photo and video as well as my 1TB external drive, plugged into one of three USB ports. This item is also eligible for super fast Prime shipping. Mine arrived two days after purchasing.

	
  It’s about as compact as it can be and still have all the ports it does. It is a nice aluminum color that matches my MacBook Air.This is nice design, small and lightweight so it travels nicely. It is exactly what I wanted at a great price point. No regrets!

	
  Small, behaves exactly as expected, and works on my Dell XPS laptops. Happy to have made this purchase!

	
  I do not have a smart TV but I do have a new laptop and wanted to transfer some videos for my family to see on the TV. The adapter works well with my laptop and the HDMI port to connect to my TV. It arrived promptly and was packaged well for shipment. My husband and I used it last evening to view video from my laptop and were well pleased. It is just what we needed!

	
  I did not encounter any problems. The product looks quite smart, fits the style of MacBook, and looks well combined. I certainly wouldn’t say it feels cheap. Ideal for saving your laptop bag as a simple, all-in-one solution, compatible with older non-USB C technology

	
  The VAVA Hub has the right combination of outlets to meet our needs. It is working well with the new MacBook. It is just the right size and color. The case is a solid metal that should hold up well for teaching and traveling.

	
  Does what it's supposed to do. Easy to carry if you are a traveller.

	
  It checked all of the boxes and had good reviews so I went with it, been a great device so far.

	
  Works great, it's gonna be a good addition to my laptop bag.

	
  This has all the features I need for at home use and travel. And it is a more lightweight than I thought. This was was more expensive than some of the others but I read the reviews and it seemed worthwhile to pay a bit more to get a sleeker design with more features.

	
  I had a great experience with the product, it’s easy to carry and have such a pretty design. The pigs working really well and made my life easier and was everything that I was expecting, also the shipping was amazing!

	
  Small perfect for taking with me. Works great.Very happy with purchase!!!

	
  I am a photography student so I need to download photos all the time, this adapter is great because it is extremely light so is easy to carry in the bag with you. it can connect the SD, put your phone to charge, connect pendrive at the same time and is adaptable for MacBook Pro.  The value of this adapter is very good and accessible to everyone.

	
  Its small , compact, well built and good part is it has HDMI port . Using HDMI cable , Now I can work  with 2 monitors using this hub one directly from my laptop HDMI port  and one for this hub hdmi port. Happy to have multiple usb ports and card reader in one place. I dont see any heating issue with this product.

	
  VIVA USB C Hub 7-in-1 USB C Adapter has exceeded my expectations. It is one of best quality products in USB C Hub category. I use it both with MacBook and Windows laptops. It is travel friendly for its size and very dependable accessory. I highly recommend for you to buy it.

	
  I have a MLM business & often need to charge multiple devices. This made it a lot easier to work my business & contain all the cords in one spot!

	
  I really like the sleek design, color and how many other devices I can easily attach. I'm so happy I can use my existing thumb drives with this hub with no problem. Great price and quality.

	
  I have had difficulty adding files to my Ipad pro and was looking for a way to upload them. This Vava USB C hub was just what I was looking for. I was skeptical if it would work because I had tried other products before. It worked like a charm. I was able to access thumb drives and SD cards with ease. So glad I found this product.

	
  Ive used a few products like this one before, but they tend to be on the more expensive side. This adapter is cheap and works just as well, and doesn't feel like a cheap product. Great value!

	
  I found this to be useful for light use! I only needed it to quickly download pictures from my camera & transfer them into my Data saver. I can get a couple hours in before it starts to heat up, I would recommend for light users. Great use for the price!

	
  Rounded box. It's very thin, very light and portable. I think there are two best features of this adapter. One is the color matching with the existing products. The other is the very good heat dissipation performance, which won't overheat.

	
  It’s an amazing product, I had so many data stored in other devices those I could not put on my AirMac because it didn’t have the compatible USB, but know I have everything that I need in one product, and it works very well.

	
  I love how easy this is to use, and the 7 different things you have on it works better then I thought it would on my I Mac computer.

	
  This hub is working perfectly! I have a couple others that I use, but this one is much better. It also allows for your laptop to charge (I'm using a Macbook Pro 2019). It's easy to set up and also it's great for travel.

	
  Through one USB-C port, I was able to add 3 USB ports and an HDMI port. This is great for facilitating a better home office set-up, or making sure you have the right connection points while on the go. It is small, flexible, and lightweight.

	
  Product works well and has support for both mini and regular SD cards which is great. The three USB slots make it perfect for plugging in multiple devices and it has a great low cost compared to many other options out there. Also really like that the wire to plug it into my mac is durable and strong. All around great USB-C hub.

	
  This hub lived up to it's reputation and all those five stars! Not much I can add. Slots are nicely snug and male end is likewise snug in the computer. Shipped very quickly also.

	
  Works perfectly for my sons MacBook! Super fast and reliable. 😊 Exactly what he was looking for!

	
  Thanks for quick shipment.. nice and compact looks great on the desk.

	
  This is a great device! Compact and easily transportable. Easy to use and is a lot quicker than my last USB hub! Highly recommend this product!

	
  My new USB-C Hub is fantastic, and it even came in the mail early!!I love how the USB-C extends away from the other ports, allowing me to utilize all 7 ports - all while charging my computer with my charging cord. Other USB-C Hubs cover both USB-C ports on your computer making it impossible to use your USB-C Hub and charge your computer at the same time. This VAVA is legit! Highest recommendations!

	
  After buying this USB C hub, it's really much more convenient. This is an elaborate product. The case is very strong. Cost performance is also very high. So far, I like this product very much. It's worth buying.

	
  Does what it is supposed to do. Excellent build qualityVery small form factor, can easily fit in a pocket if need be.Color matches exactly that of the MacBook Pro Space Gray

	
  Very happy with this USB-C hub!! Was able to access an external hard-drive, and a blue yeti mic on my iPad within minutes of opening the package. Well designed, this sturdy little device is perfect for traveling and getting the most out of your tablet!

	
  Great product, I highly recommend. Good quality build feels solid. Works with my iPad Pro 12.9 inch 2020

	
  Great addition for my Chromebook.  Easy to use, just plus and play.  Makes the Chromebook as versatile as any LapTop.  Love it.

	
  Needed a USB-C hub for my Surface Pro 7 to support addition two monitors. One is HDMI and other one is USB (2k monitor). The product worked as mentioned. No issues found with the monitors and displays and does support the refresh rates. The product material and quality feels good.

	
  Things are small and exquisite, and the workmanship is very delicate, especially after connecting to the computer, the reaction speed feels very fast, and there is no muddy water. Especially after inserting the disk, I feel that the little guy can indeed solve the problem. In the past, it was very inconvenient to insert the USB port of the fuselage, and now it is much easier. Plus the metal body, a nice little guy

	
  Amazing usb-c hub! 3x usb 3.0 hubs, sd card reader, micro sd card reader and another usb c port. Great for extra ports if needed and compact for portability. Been using this for a month now, no issues

	
  I kept buying the one-time -only Apple  version and realizd it woulan't work . Because my computer doesn't have enough free space , what it can do is very valuable, small and compact ,very  practical, so far  I haven't met any other problems, I hope it can help me to make the most of it.

	
  I really like this product. All the ports function properly. They only thing I wish it had was a headphone jack. Other than that, it is made well and easy to travel with. : )

	
  We are able to leverage all the ports except those two card reader ones. So far so good, work as advertised.There is a note on the product saying that the maximum output is 7.5W which is quite different from what I believed so from the product description of 100W. but laptop (macbook pro) charges so I guess its fine for now.

	
  This product works nicely. We can take it with us anywhere we go. My husband just bought a brand new Apply Laptop and it doesn't come with a lot of ports. So we bought this external port for other ports we need for cameras, phones, and hard drives.Thank you so much. LOVE IT!

	
  I absolutely love this product, it has a premium feel, looks good and most importantly, works as intended, the usb hub has a similar paint finish to the MacBook Air I own, wich is very cool, I also love the fact that it comes packed with 3 usb 3 type A ports, HDMI, sd and micro sd card readers, its just an all round well made product, if you're looking for a quality usb c hub this is it, look no further.

	
  I'm a frequent business traveler, and often find myself with limited expansion ports on my laptop.  This usb-c hub does the trick.  It's lightweight, compact, and I can tuck it away in a pocket or in my backpack without any added bulk.

	
  This works great with my MacBook pro. It was so annoying for me that I had only 2 usb c and I had to switch my connected devices in and out. Esp now with working from home, I constantly need my mouse and my external hard disk to be connected. This hub certainly gives me more flexibility to connect everything I need. And with the HDMI adapter I can connect my notebook to my projector device easily too. I like the color and design of this hub, simpleand elegant.

	
  I was looking for a type c USB hub for my Android phone and Dell XPS pc. This one is pretty good but as it has a SD card slot type c input for charging and more USB A ports.

	
  I've been looking for a usb hub that can be used for both transferring data and charging devices, while at the same time being compatible with my wireless mouse and this thing does the trick! Previous to this, I was doing a constant shuffle of unplugging devices throughout the day, especially the wireless headset that I use for work calls. This has been a lifesaver!

	
  I searched around for a long time to find the best usb c hub and I wish I would have purchased this sooner! I love everything about this hub. The design is very minimalist which I love and the ports are very well organized so I find that you can connect multiple things at once with ease. It matches my space gray MacBook perfectly! I'm so glad I made this purchase. :)

	
  Product is as described and works pretty well. I use it for hdmi cord for my monitor and use the 3 USB-A inputs for keyboard, mouse, and data transfer. I had thought that the USB-C input could be used for my portable SSD but it turns out that it can only be used for power, so I had to use my SSD with the USB-A input. The adapter does get hot though, and I wish that the cord is a little bit longer, but overall a good purchase for the price.

	
  Bought this product for my 2019 MacBook Pro in order to avoid purchasing individual adapters, and it works great. I own more expensive HUBs for this kind of thing (~$150), which require electricity from a wall outlet in order to power certain USB devices, and I have to say that this little device functions just as well if you're only using it to connect externals HDs, SD cards, etc.. HIGHLY RECOMMEND + GREAT PRICE!

	
  A powerful little thing.It's well made.The connection to the phone is stable.The connection to my computer is also very fast.The transmission speed is good.It makes things a lot easier.Because work needs to connect USB to compare much.It fits easily in your computer bag.And it has no taste.And durable.

	
  used to add a monitor to my Chromebook..just plugged stuff in and it worked with no fuss

	
  This is a great item. It is light, not too big, and has the facility to plug in the charge cable so that when it is attached to my Mac, it keeps charging. It comes in a neat pouch too, for when I am travelling. Well thought out, with 2 x old USB, 2 new USB C, SD card, micro SD card and HDMI. More ports than I actually need, but all in a compact unit. I have bought other products from Anker (power packs) and have been pleased with them too.

	
  So I have the macbook pro with only 2 USB-C ports and it’s been pretty hard to manage with only those 2. Often times sacrificing a wired mouse so I can charge my mac and use an adapter to connect an hdmi cable to a monitor. But, now that I have this amazing and compact hub with 3 USB ports AND an hdmi port, which makes it perfect for traveling to and from the office. Thank you VAVA for this life changing addition to my laptop life.

	
  I travel for business quite often and this little usb hub is perfect for all my devices. Feels durable and looks nice.

	
  Just like other Vava products, this hub is very elegant and well-built. It works well with my Dell XPS 13. Do keep in mind that like other hubs of this type, it consumes some power, so if you use the default Dell 45W charger, you may potentially need to use a more powerful charger if doing CPU intensive tasks for prolonged time. Overall, I recommend.

	
  Great and handy little item as most laptops are now going to the C-port. I use it for a wireless mouse and to charge my phone. Worked right out of the box, a quick plug and play. Highly recommended! Super fast shipping too, came a few days earlier than expected!

	
  Awesome product, very small and easy to connect. You can carry it anywhere.

	
  This is so great! It’s small so I don’t have to worry about finding extra space in my laptop bag to store it! Great buy and does the job it is intended to do!

	
  This little device saved me lots of money and aggravation. Arrived promptly and works perfectly. I couldn’t so for better!

	
  After working from home for the past two months with no end in sight, I decided to invest in a work from home setup - monitor, mouse, and keyboard. I needed a USB-C hub to easily connect it all to my MacBook Pro. This little beauty was perfect! I can now quickly and easily connect the monitor, keyboard, mouse and power to my laptop.

	
  I was surprised at the small size and sleekness of this hub. Works perfectly.Will purchase another for use at the office.

	
  I like USB hubs, they make thing so much easier to connect. It allows me to hooks to other monitor, speakers, headphones, SD cards,It blew me away by how stunning and premium the product looked and felt. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a USB C hub.

	
  I bought this product as a USB-C port expander/4K video output to monitor/laptop charger for my office desk set up. I am totally satisfied with the product.You can fast-charge your phone or tablet while transferring files.With my Samsung Galaxy Note 8+, using this hub automatically puts my phone in "DeX" mode.I highly recommend this product, very satisfied.

	
  Very portable USB-C hub. It is very handy for projecting it to a display using the laptop. Anyone with a USB-C laptop should have this for the use.

	
  Works great when paired with the new MacBook Pro 2020. I have so far used it to connect my Logitech track man marble mouse and a flash drive, etc. Seems well made I like that it matched my space gray finish of my notebook. Feels more official 1st party vs cheap 3rd party, if aesthetics matters. Only wish it had vga too but that’s ok.

	
  I just got the device about 20 minutes ago. It's compact and lightweight. I've tried out the three usb-a ports, the pd pass-through charging, the HDMI output and the SD card reader (basically, I've tried everything but the micro sd card slot).  Everything works without any issues. Hopefully it will be durable too!

	
  That's about what I expected . The goods arrived quickly and in good aondition . the texture feels good . Use and USB ports work fine ,they work fine an my nots , and I've been looking for a good reader .Amazingly, it  became my all-purpose card reader. Great USB hub ,great help for me . will recommend it to my colleagues.

	
  So far so good! Plug it in my Mac and it worked right away, no problem. Good quality & easy to use. The compact size makes it easy to carry in my travel case and it’s very light.

	
  Love this USB-C hub! Fits my Mac Mini perfectly - color and ease. Just wish they provide an on and off switch, therefore I had to buy an additional hub.

	
  This is a great hub. I recently had my laptop screen break so I got a new laptop and discovered it only has USB-C/Thunderbolt.  I’m new to USB-C since my old laptop was from 2015, but I knew I had to order one of these asap. I bought this one and it’s working perfectly. It’s smaller than I expected - this should be easy to bring with me to school in my bag.

	
  Exactly what I needed for my MBP 2019. Good price. Wish they had the exact same model, but with more USB, less SD, but still the best bang for the buck.

	
  Just the right amount of ports so it's not too oversized nor too insufficient. USB-C power, sd cards, hdmi, 3x USB 3.0, and 100w too. Bonus, a logo that's not ugly... haha.

	
  I bought this for working from home to use a larger screen.  It has been working perfectly, no problems at all.  I have been using it for about 6 weeks.

	
  Works as described. My MacBook Air has only 2 USB C ports which is never enough, and I can now attach multiple devices, including my external monitor. Small, lightweight and good quality built.

	
  I have a new Mac Book pro and this is exactly what I needed.  The laptop has limited ports so this is perfect for my on-the-go meetings and when I am working remotely.  I don’t need to carry so many cords and adapters around.  It has worked great with no issues.  Simple and easy!

	
  This tiny hub is perfect for traveling for business. It doesn’t take up much space so you can throw it in your laptop bag. Still functions as expected.

	
  Small and compact, this usb c hub allowed for seamless transfer of the screen from my MacBook Pro to a smart TV in seconds! Is truly plug and play and also provides 3 additional usb ports for more device hookups, as well as flash card sockets to upload media. Great for on the go projects as well because of its small size and profile. Thanks!

	
  I just bought a new MacBook Pro (USB-C) and while I love it, it's certainly annoying not being able to plug in all of my peripherals. This hub is an absolute must! It allows me to connect everything that I need to AND pass power through!  Solid build quality, super compact to easily take along with you everywhere, and all at a great price! If you've got a USB-C Mac, you need this device!

	
  Satisfied with what I got. It's easy to use and very intuitive. Great product and works well. Liked it so much I bought another one for my other child.

	
  Works great! I’m pleased with being able to attach all my media to my macbook. Everything works at the speed of my devices. No lagging. This is super lightweight and great for travelling. Has a metal finish like the space grey macbook. Great value.

	
  This product is lightweight and looks clean for business use. I have used the HDMI and USB primarily. HDMI connects easily and comes through in HD, the USB is super fast, and faster than regular USB 2 which has made data and file transfer a breeze where I have used it so far.  I'll check back once I've had a few months to use it

	
  I love the size and functionality of this hub!  It has all connections I need for my Mac Book Pro.  I do a fair amount of traveling, and also work A LOT from home.  The size of this particular hub is perfect if you need portability!  Great job!

	
  I use this USB C hub every day to attach my MacBook Pro via HDMI to a monitor and by USB to an external backup drive. It's been reliable and I am very pleased with its performance. It is very slim and light and well manufactured in comparison to my prior hub. Unlike my prior hub, it remains only slightly warm to the touch. The ports are compactly and efficiently arrayed. I am completely satisfied with this product and recommend it.

	
  I have several USB 3 devices and just upgraded to the 2020 MacBook Air. I needed a way to continue to use the devices on the new machine.This hub worked perfectly with a wide variety of devices without issue.

	
  This has been a solid USB-C hub for my MacBook 16, exactly what I was looking for. Works well for plugging USB-A devices through (has 3 slots, but I never used more than one at a time), has an HDMI port that is convenient and can charge through (I haven’t put it to test to see how much of the wattage goes through). Build quality seems good (only had it for 2 months, used it lightly). Size as other sellers said is exactly like that ipod nano, very portable. I will update this review if any issues, but for now works exactly as expected.

	
  This works perfect with my MacBook Air. It has multiple types ports which makes connecting multiple devices to your MacBook easy.  It has 3 USB ports making it easy to download documents to a jump drive while also charging your phone at the same time.  This would be great for students.

	
  I was worried about getting a new laptop that didn't have an HDMI port or enough USB ports. But this product put all my worries to bed. It is so handy and easy to use. I haven't experienced any over-heating either. It is extremely useful and works perfectly on all my devices. I would definitely buy again.

	
  Nowadays ultrabooks have so few ports to reduce weight and size, it becomes an inconvenience trying to plug in your monitor, charger, and few other devices you may have. This VAVA 7-in-1 adapter serves the perfect purpose.  It is small in size, elegantly designed, sturdily built, and works great. I have my HDMI cord, and USB-C charging cord plugged in, all connected to the USB c on the side of my 2-in-1. When I need to take my 2-in-1 with me, all I need to unplug is the VAVA, instead of 2 or 3 different cords plugged in different places on the laptop. I highly recommend this.

	
  this adapter is perfect for transfering photos from your memory card directly to your computer or external HD as you can connect all at once with this device. the product is light but it feels heavy enought that i would not break on the first fall or something... very well made. it has 3 USB entrances, HDMI, SD, and DC in.... it is really this one device that works for all entrances. The gray is also great because it goes with the gray macbook color and it looks like it is all part of the same set. Very satisfying.

	
  I used this with Dell Latitude 7480 and Microsoft Surface Pro 7 USB C port and was able to charge both devices and connect to secondary monitor using HDMI cable and connect keyboard and mouse to USB A without any issue. Previously, I purchased another well reviewed brand and was seeing a lag when typing or using mouse, but do not see any issue with this one. So far satisfied with my purchase.

	
  I use this as a docking station for my laptop so I can have an external drive, external monitor, charging port, and SD card access for an easier workflow. It’s lightweight and small so it would be great for traveling. Overall, a great value.

	
  Came in the knick of time. I recently had a theft, so in replacing the items this adapter was imperative to have. The added ports will be an upgrade from my previous adapter to assist cross connectivity. The delivery speed was faster than expected, so a solid five stars for customer service. Material feels well made and sturdy. I don't regret this buy at all.

	
  I purchased this hub to allow me to work effectively from home, where I've essentially had to set up a lecture recording studio replete with second monitor, USB microphone, dedicated camera, tablet as whiteboard, etc. This wonderful little device makes it easy to plunk down the laptop, plug in one cable, and get to recording. Power delivery is super convenient, there have been zero reliability issues, and it gets only vaguely warm to the touch. On top of that it's a good looking and well built little thing!

	
  I specifically purchased this USB hub because of its functionality and lightweight.  I've only had it for a short time but it is working as advertised. The stem/cord is rigid and sturdy. Make sure that you require a male "C" USB hub.

	
  "Hub is great. That fuselage is light and strong. It looks beautiful. You can see it in the picture. So far, so good. The video quality and data speed are as expected, and the price is perfect.I suggest anyone use this to expand their usb-c port center. Just make sure your computer can transfer video via USB. First, the 100W power transmission charging port can transfer data while charging your computer, macbook pro or other C-type devices."

	
  Great 7-in-1 tool for a USB-C MacBook Pro 2019! It has all of the features you would need including 3 USB 3.0 ports, 2 SD slots, HDMI, and even a power supply USB-C input! It’s been a great tool to have and I use it daily! Thanks for a great product and I hope will last for a long time!

	
  This HUB works great on my iPad Pro and the SD Card transfer rate was so fast! The HDMI worked flawlessly on my big screen tv. This is a very quality USB hub and one of the most inexpensive ones that I found with all these features.5 Starts! - Eddie Bombay

	
  The adapter works perfectly with both my MacBook Pro (Touch Bar) and my 11" 2019 iPad Pro. You can charge through this adapter, and all the slots work well. A great value and a great product!

	
  A great product with a stylish and elegant appearance and very fine workmanship. The length of the wire is just enough for daily use, and it will not be too short to cause embarrassment for future expansion. The overall material is solid, regardless of the interface or main body, the craftsmanship and visual effects are very good! Compared with the appearance of the work materials, it is indeed the best value for money. The transmission is free of jams, and it is worth starting!

	
  I bought this USB-C adapter to go with my MacBook Air, and it works great! It allows me to connect my HDMI monitor, USB-C power, and USB-A accessories easily with one input into my MacBook. It's worked simply and reliably. It has plenty of ports available to use, with 3 USB-A slots, an HDMI input, a USB-C input, and two memory card slots. Highly recommended!

	
  Love this hub! Exactly what I needed to connect multiple devices to my MacBook Pro. Having multiple USB ports, as well as the USB-C port, HMDI & card slots is super helpful.Have had it for 2 weeks and every device has connected perfectly so far.

	
  I needed something that I could use as a dock in my shop. I walk in, connect one cable and my laptop has access to all of the things that I use. Printer, scanner, Keyboard and mouse, big screen display. It all just works.

	
  All the ports worked. I connected HDMI to my second monitor and three USB ports with keyboard/mouse/webcam.Plus, this one stands out with PD 100w from other cheap hubs.I have tested this setup with Macbook Pro 2019 and worked without any issue so far.No plugging back and forth.. much better than what I had before. Highly recommend.

	
  Initially I didn't know how to use it but now works well.

	
  Bought this hub for my 2020 MacBook Pro 13". Though the grey color is a bit darker than the macbook's space grey, this hub still looks and feels well-made and elegant. All of the ports are functional and this hub doesn't slow down USB3.0 file transfers. No issues with overheating - the hub does get a bit warm to the touch when large files are being transferred but not alarming in any way. No qualms so far about the functionality of the product! Compared to similar hubs, this was a fraction of the price - my wallet and I are happy!

	
  Surprised by how well this works. I wanted this as a Samsung dex cable replacement and it does that flawlessly. I plugged my note 10 plus in to this and the monitor and instantly was able to use my phone like a computer, no setup required. I also tried this on a MacBook air for monitor extension and it worked perfectly. It displays a quality picture and the sound is controlled through my phone. I will be buying another so I can keep one with me for travel use.

	
  I am glad I got this. With so many computers now having USB C only, it's a major help to have this. I like that the USB C cord that it uses to connect to the computer is on the longer side. Having the 3 USB ports is also great.

	
  Exactly what I was looking for!  I haven't tried plugging multiple devices in at the same time yet, but all the ports are functional when connected to my mac. I'll update if I run into problems.

	
  The product is great.  I got this to use with my Samsung devices (Galaxy Note10+ and Tab S6) and to run them in DEX mode.  It is literally easy as plug and play.  I have been using the HDMI connection, as well as one of the USBs for my wireless keyboard and mouse, and the USB-C to keep my device charging while in use.The product does get a little warm when used for a long time, but that can be expected when some many things are plugged in.On a sad note, wired headphones did not recognize on my devices when connected via the USB-C on either my phone or tablet.

	
  This USB-C hub performs flawlessly and serves the exact function that I needed it for. I needed to make it easier to dock my work laptop in and out of my home office area without having to plug and unplug a bunch of cables - and this compact hub makes it a breeze by simply plugging directly into my USB-C charging port.Great product VAVA!

	
  I’ve been looking to purchase one for my MacBook Pro and this is the perfect companion. I needed an adapter, so I can use regular USB on my computer. This is perfect - it has 7 different ports and doesn’t take up too much space.

	
  My ThinkPad only has 2 USB ports which is not enough for all my devices. So I decided to buy a USB hub to expand the number of ports. Just wanted something simple that wouldn’t break the bank and this product was the sweet spot. It’s the perfect size...not big and intrusive and will be great for travel.

	
  I bought this adapter after I was moved to a working from home situation. All I can say is that is has worked just like I’ve needed it to. I’ve been able to to connect my monitor and peripherals, and it’s basically like having my desktop at home. I might even get a second one for a second monitor. Recommend!

	
  First thing, this adapter is tiny, around the size of a cigarette box.Second, amazing build quality, made of sturdy aluminum, seems it will stand a lot of travels.It connected without any problems to both my Dell XPS and to my iPad Pro with no problems, USB ports and HDMI works as intended. Highly recommended.

	
  I wanted to have the ability to provide my MacBook Pro with additional ports to connect to other peripherals.  This product is compact and seems to be of very good quality. I was also able to connect this to my PC and use a wireless mouse and keyboard with this product.  I highly recommend it.

	
  Made of very good sturdy material this is the best hub you will ever need.I am using it on my iPad pro. Now I can say that with a keyboard and this port it is a complete replacement for a computer.It works flawlessly.Highly recommend.

	
  Product quality: good quality, thick wireCompatibility: strong compatibility, mobile phones, multi-brand computers, Huawei Apple computers are availableAppearance: Exquisite workmanship, no burr flawsProduct packaging: thick packing carton to effectively protect the productOther features: HDMI supports 4K, very convenient

	
  This hub works perfectly for my iPad Pro 12.9. I take photos as a hobby. The iPad Pro is crazy fast. This hub allows me to upload my photos directly to my iPad and edit in my iPad. And if my iPad is running out of power I can run power through the hub. Seems to be working perfectly right now.

	
  The quality of this hub is so good. I have a big workstation that I plug my work laptop into. I wanted to be able to use my personal Pixelbook with my nice setup and this hub is perfect. It even allows me to use my wireless mouse, keyboard and webcam that aren't even supposed to be compatible with my Chromebook.This accessory is nice to hold. It doesn't feel cheap. I'm very pleased

	
  We just recently bought a MacBook Air and needed an adapter device cause of the silly one type port on it and we came across this one and another that was a little cheaper. Even though the other product had more reviews and the majority was good, we liked what this one had to offer. And now that we have used it we are happy with our purchase. The color and look of it is great, it's slim and feels lightweight but durable, doesn't feel cheap. We like that it came with 3 USB ports where as the other one we looked at only had 2. When we tried it out everything worked great, didn't seem to have any issues. The device itself didn't seem to overheat at all and multiple ports work at the same time. Overall we were really happy with our purchase.

	
  This is very compatible, plug and play-no additional drivers are required; it supports almost all Type-C devices and Thunderbolt 3, such as MacBook Pro, MacBook Air, iPad Pro, etc. Supported operating systems: Windows, Mac, Unix, Chromebook OS, very convenient, it is very small (less than the size of a credit card), very suitable for a USB-C docking station (hub) for laptops without having to use a separate SD card reader . The appearance is also beautiful.

	
  This is a very affordable handy tool if you need to be mobile and have a variety of ports available.  I like how it offers to the TF and SD Card slots and feel it makes this product unique.  Lightweight, multiple ports and solid quality all-around. Recommended

	
  It is cute little hub which can also provide power delivery to mac book pro and dell xps laptops with USBC port enabled with power delivery. I verified with macbook pro and it worked fine. You can leave the charger to the hub and not worry about multiple connections to laptop. It does get hot as mentioned in specs when used for charging but and did not notice any smell.overall good product.

	
  This arrived earlier than I thought and I'm impressed. I have a Space Gray Macbook Pro and needed to hook up to a monitor (HDMI) and have other options.. I haven't used the card reader but I have used the USB, I can charge seamlessly while still hooking up the other stuff. Considering the price I paid, it was a great value and comparable to the more expensive "docking stations". If you're on the fence and you can get this thing for a good price, I would definitely recommend. [Note: I have only had it for 3 days so I can't speak to the longevity.]

	
  I purchased this USB-C Hub mainly to make my work from home experience a little better. I wanted to add a second monitor to my macbook initially. Now that I've gotten it I've created a whole work station with the monitor, a mouse and keyboard, and my phone hooked up to it. I'm keeping it with me when I travel because it has everything you'd need in a sleek and sturdy frame. The 3 usb-3 ports are nice providing faster charging and better data transfer when I'm building apps.

	
  This hub is a great companion for my new 2020 MacBook Air, which only has 2 thunderbolt/USB-C ports... and nothing else! The hub is small, light weight, very portable and versatile. What's more important, it is plug & play, does not require any drivers or software installations - it just works! Very happy with my purchase.

	
  I recently bought this device and was impressed with the features. This device's SD capability is lightning fast and its versatility makes it a great purchase. Don't hesitate to reach out to their customer service with any question, as they uphold the hallmark of customer service.

	
  I bought this product because I work in the office and was having a lot of problems with my computer.  Because it is a very reserved brand, it was difficult to find cables that connected with it.  I was having a lot of work on that.  After I bought this product, I don't worry anymore, as I can use it as an adapter, and all inputs work.  And another very important thing, the product is a great size, so it is easy to load.  I always carry it in my bag.  I recommend this product, it really makes my life easier.

	
  I was impressed by the quality of the item for the price. The hub works well and delivers as advertised. The color matches my computer nicely (obviously, not a deal break and purely aesthetic vs functionality on that, but a good plus, none-the-less). The cable could be a bit longer, but I won't doc it points for something so minor, the overall and compact sleek design and great functionality more than make up for the underwhelming cord length... here's hoping that's also "what she said". (O_o)

	
  The VAVA 7-in-1 USB-C Hub is a high quality, compact and powerful USB-C Adapter.  The compact and lightweight design is a pleasure to carry around.  The three USB 3.0 adapter gives ample of flexibility and speedy transfers to support all my devices.  Unblike my previous USB-C adapter from another company, the VAVA USB-C adapter charges my laptop, iPad, and iphone simultaneously without even getting warm to the touch.  The HDMI adapter also connects to my TV quickly to play videos.  This adapter will be the perfect companion for my 12" MacBook for long time to come.

	
  Bought a MacBook Air because my wife fell in love with it after using her sister-in-law's for a few hours. I prefer PC as I have always used them at home and work. The one thing that bothered me the most about the MacBook was the fact that it only has the two USB-C ports. The only device that I own that has a USB-C connection is the charger that came with the MacBook! Wasn't very convinced about the purchase but, hey...Was looking for an Apple dongle to be able to use my flash drives and external hard drive when I came across this device. Read the reviews and decided to give it a try. Made me stop regretting that fact that I bought the MacBook. Although it requires the use of an additional item, and carrying an additional item in my bag , this solves that issue for me 100%.The quality of the HUB seems very durable, only time will tell. Would have really liked it if it came with a small fabric pouch for storage, although I knew it didn't come with one when I purchased it so, hey.Would really recommend this product.

	
  Like many, I bought this as a cheap alternative to a full dock, to allow me to work effectively from home. Taking one USB-C socket and giving 3 USB 3.0, HDMI + cardreaders allows me to connect a wired keyboard, mouse, and Headset and plug into an external monitor.The pass-through power means just one plug to unplug to disconnect my latop. Works straight out of the box. Seems high quality. Only thing lacking is a Ethernet - this would add size and weight - and is available on other VAVA products.Highly recommended

	
  This hub has enough ports for anyone with a laptop. I especially like the 100W USB-C PD port. Most other similar products only have 60W or 75W. This can even power my 15" Dell Latitude laptop. I can also use this on my LG cell phone to connect the card reader or usb device or output video signal. One thing I wish it could be improved is the HDMI port. It can only support resolution up to 1080P.

	
  I bought this for my trip and I was worried it would not work but I’ve had it for 2 weeks now and it’s been great. Plenty of plugs for everything external. I have hooked it up to my Mother-in-laws tv to watch movies, to charge my phone. I’m really happy with this purchase and would highly recommend!

	
  At first, I was skeptical about the product because all of its features looked complex, but after a few days of extensive use and testing, I could verify that the hub was actually a real deal. So I left my SD card reader, my old USB hub, my HDMI splitter, my network adapter, and my HP spectre 360 charger to one side and used this instead. It's small, and what's particularly impressive is that everything is crammed into it. It also has a high quality feel, good and solid, similar products that don't usually feel like cheap plastic are on sale these days. The ports are solid without shaking, and the plug and memory card are firmly seated. Highly recommended.

	
  I got this to work from home and connect an external monitor for my laptop.  It works as expected and its very portable.  The plus on this hub is I can plug in a USB-C PD charger to this hub and all I have to do is plug the hub into my laptop and it charges my laptop.  It helps so I don't have to plug multiple things into my laptop (power cable, hdmi, mouse and keyboard), plug one thing into my laptop and I am done.

	
  I had one of these in the past. Now my wife wanted one for her Mac.Mac nowadays are coming completely without USB connectors.This one has eveerything. I mean EVERY CONNECTORS.USB, Type-C, HDMI or Memory Card Slot.What else we need?I charge, connect my external 4K Camera, Connect to monitors, add a memory card, all in one go.I definitely recommend it!

	
  I purchased this VAVA USB Hub to be able to read memory cards and connect HDMI cables to my computer since my HP laptop doesn't have those built in. So far I've used it for regular USB memory sticks and it works great! I love that I can also hook up my charging cord to it so that I can charge my laptop while using the hub. It is lighter than I expected and relatively small so it is great to travel with. I can easily put it in my laptop case and take it with me anywhere. Overall I would highly recommend the VAVA hub for anyone who needs extra USB or memory card ports for their computer!!!

	
  I was looking for a usb-c hub as my old usb-c hub stopped working. I needed 3 usb inputs and an HDMI input and decided to go with this even though this didn't have an ethernet port (honestly I have not used ethernet port in last 6 months so didn't need it really).I was super happy when i got this product as its half the size of my earlier usb-c hub which was twice the price.The quality is pretty solid. Also, doesn't get as warm as my previous hub.Also the data transfer speed for memory card is pretty good.I would definitely buy this again for its size and number of ports it offers for that size.

	
  Glad I finally got my hub requirements met by this lightweight device.  It has a working PD port that connects to my laptop's charger and provides the correct power amount just like the charger.  Device is made by nice material and is, did I mention, very lightweight considering the number of ports (HDMI, 3 USB, SD and MIcro SD.The device does get warm when connecting to power supply (charger) but it's acceptable.  (Also mentioned on the sticker placed on the device).All in all a great device for the price.  It comes with a warranty that surely adds to the value.

	
  I am using this product for the past two weeks. It has been working smooth, this has a simple design and perfectly serves it purpose.I have its almost all USB ports and a HDMI connected all the time, including USB C input. It has worked fine with all the ports, there are NO delays or lags. Remains stable, there is NO heating even after several ports in use.Recommended product for the USB-C Hub for your devices, light-weight, simplified and works perfectly!

	
  I must give props to the thought design that went into bringing this product to life. From the packaging to the I/O interface, it is what makes it a pleasure to use and a must have in your accessory kit. Blending right into your workspace, this VAVA USB C adapter makes dongle-gate easier to bear.The ports work well and are well arranged. I just wish it had better thermals.If you need a wired internet connection however, get the bigger brother as this does not have the option to plug in.I use this on the 16" and it truly makes my work easier.It comes with contact information which is different and really useful if you ever need it.I like that there is a 12 month extended FREE warranty which gives you discounts, priority support and 180 returns. Really cool.The downsides:Heat - When warm, it will eject itself which means anything attached. My solution would be to detach it every so often and cool it off. It is annoying but you get used to it. I guess it's something that comes with having such a low profile.Cable length and flexibility - I like short cables, but this might be a tad too short. Maybe having a detachable cable might be optimal for next time. Watch out about bending the cable too much as it is not as flexible, probably really packed with well insulated cable.The placement of the USB C port might be also be better placed if you like attaching the dongle to the screen like i do. That way it is more portable.All in all, if you are looking for a great dongle that will wipe your dongle-gate tears , you just found it.

	
  It heats up like crazy and doesn’t plug well into a MacBook Pro. It easily unplugs itself a lot which is annoying. It works but I might go for a different brand because the constant disconnecting from the USB C is frustrating.[EDIT]After my initial review csutomer service reached out to me about sending a replacement. The replacement device is the later version of this model and I'm happy to say my experience is much better now. The new one does get warm but not as hot as previously. I also no longer have the issue of it disconnecting from my laptop.

	
  Bought this for my chromebook and I couldn't be happier. From the moment you take it out of the packaging this feels like a quality product.If you need a USBC hub, this is a good one. Just one thing to keep in mind, if you want pass through power (to charge your laptop) or to power the hub for power hungry devices, you will need to buy a power adapter (45w, 100w... ) separately.

	
  This dongle does exactly what I need it to. It works as a USB port, HDMI port, , SD card reader, and most importantly it delivers power through a USB-C port. Feels well built and doesn't get too hot when providing power. Avoid the $60 Apple dongle and get an additional USB port AND SD card reader at a fraction of the price.

	
  As any MBP user knows, could really use a few extra ports! You buy that laptop you pretty much accept you will need a dongle. I initially had a splitter to use earphones and charge. That no longer cut-it and needed a hub for back-up data and pics and things like that. It was really hard navigated the world of hub dongles. I didn’t want to pay a ton, but wanted some versatility and a little future proofing - didn’t want to have to buy a new one every year. This hub is tiny! And it has every port I could need. Can plug in to our projector for movies, use any backup we’d or HD or SD cards for videos/pics. No issues whatsoever with device recognition. Truly great unit, extremely happy with the purchase. Two thumbs up.

	
  I recently purchased this at the same time as I purchased my new MacBook Air (2020). The laptop has two usb-c ports, a headphone jack, and that's it. This item gives me someplace to plug in an HDMI cable and regular size USB peripherals like my external hard drive, wireless mouse, and digital to analog converter for my home theater system.I really like this product. It is very light and is exactly what I hoped it would be. One small drawback I will give it is that my laptop doesn't seem to charge very fast when using the power delivery port, more like it just keeps its current charge, but that works just fine for me as well as I don't think I would really run into a scenario where I would really need it. I think this is a great product considering its price point. I thought about looking for a Thunderbolt 3 hub and decided against getting one since they seemed to all be over $100, and I am happy with paying under $30 for this little guy that fits my needs just fine.

	
  This adapter is compact and has a sleek profile. I purchased it due to its  portable size : It fits nicely into my laptop bag's small accessories compartment. It has been an indispensable item while I work from home. The file transfer speed is fast yet steady. This is a very big plus because I transfer large media files! Highly recommend to anyone looking for a reliable USB C Hub that is portable.

	
  I've had a fair share of USB hubs in my day, but so far, nothing has had the combination of compact design, and great build quality and functionality as this Vava one.I wanted to save a few bucks so I ordered this one which was not brand name. I thought it may have some setbacks, like cheaper parts, overheating, etc. However, this performs as well, if not better, than the OEM apple ones. I have one that I had purchased for my wife and I tried them both at the same time, HDMI out, charging the laptops, and using a USB device. This ran JUST AS COOL as the apple one, and even better IT HAS MORE PORTS!Less money, same quality, and more ports? I'LL TAKE IT!

	
  I bought this item as I needed a way to display my iPad's screen onto another monitor/TV. This USB-C hub was an affordable solution. The actual hub is made from metal and the entire product feels premium. I had no issues connecting to an external monitor via HDMI. I also tested the hub's USB-A ports and had pleasing results with all the peripherals that I tried (wireless mouse, flash drive). Finally, this hub has an added bonus of being able to also charge my device while in use. Overall, I would definitely recommend this product to anyone looking for a well-built, but affordable solution to adding USB-A ports, HDMI output, and power pass through.

	
  It's a great value product for expanding the capabilities of your USB C port. I have tested the product on Galaxy Note8 and it works well with Samsung Dex. I have also tested it on my iPad 2018(11 Inches) and its works well too. I was able to connect a Micro SD card, USB Flash, HDMI and a USB mouse and all worked at the same time.I just wish it's USB C head wasn't so think. It doesn't fit through my iPad pro case. It's same with my brother's case too. I had to use a USB C extender.

	
  I admit, I bought this for my Mac Book not realizing it was a USB-C input and I was a little disappointed by that.  However one adapter later and all is good (Old 2015 Mac Book with USB-A).But, I plugged it into my Samsung Note phone and I can read memory cards from my Go Pros and other cameras with ease (See photo).  This is going to be awesome for sharing photos and videos of vacations while they are happening!  It accepts Micro and regular SD cards.

	
  First, I'd like to mention that the 7-in-1 hub does work with Logitech's unifying receiver!I bought this is device to use with a 2020 13" MacBook Pro, and it works flawlessly.  The build quality is exceptional and looks like something you would find in an Apple store.  Well done!However, my first hub had issues.  I'd read that some users had problems using their Logitech mouse and keyboards that connected via a unifying receiver.  I decided to take the chance, and ordered the 7-in-1.  My hub ended up being a unit that was defective, but Hector from VAVA's customer care was able to quickly set up a return and send a replacement.  It is everything I had hoped for!I have already started looking through VAVA's other offerings because of their responsive and receptive customer service.  I highly recommend this brand, and will continue to support them in the future!

	
  This item has been SAVING my daily activities is extremely useful, first even having around 5 devices plugin at the same time the performance remains PERFECT, I strongly recommend this for anyone that is looking for get a USB C hub.PS... is pretty compact and high quality material, the only thing is if you are trying to charge you MacBook Air with the 30W Charger won’t gonna charge it, because for the hub send the energy needs a Adapter over 40W, so try to use the another port for charger your MBA or just get an adapter over 45W.

	
  I own a MacBook pro and have limited ports to get around the daily needs. I have an apple USB C hub that only does HDMI & 1 USB. On daily basis I have to unplug the hub on and off to connect to other peripherals - USB security dongle, USB Bluetooth headset etc...I came across this on Amazon and it was discounted.Quality & Astatic - well built, aluminum enclosure with a thick cable with a USB C connector. Product came in a decent packaging. I like the design of the product, blends well with my MacBook Pro. Small enough to fit mu back pack.Functionality - I tested all the port, seems to work well, very happy with this as this was my biggest constrain previously. I did not perform the  speed test to validate USB 3.0 transfer speed.Over all, I am satisfied with this purchase, good quality, low price and has all the functionality that I need.

	
  I bought this hub for my iPad Pro (2020) to use mainly for the HDMI output. One word sums it up. Amazing. It transfers a 4k high definition image effortlessly with no lag time. The sound quality is great with a crisp clear image. Data transfer via the USB 3.0 ports is very fast as well. I have not used the mini sd card port or the regular SD card port, but if they work like the others, I am sure it will be great. The hub does not heat up much, just a little, but according to the packaging that is normal. Overall a great value. I am extremely happy with this product and will recommend to my friends. This will be the last USB hub you need to buy,

	
  100W power delivery charging port allows you to charge your computer, MacBook Pro or other Type-C devices while transferring dataMuch smaller than expected! Perfect for traveling and work trips, this 8 in 1 USB C HUB is exactly what I needed and more.I actually used it to read my dashcam SD card on my Android S8 to review a clip and it worked flawlessly. Will be using this for additional storage and transfering of files to and from my phones and laptop on the fly. Not to mention the ability to snag files from practically any storage.Summary-Compact-Solid build quality-Joint reinforced thick USB-C cable-Tight connections on all ports (I plugged in appropriate media into every port and wiggled and pulled)-Versatile ports for Apple and Android users.

	
  I bought this hub to use with my Macbooks when on the go.  It was much smaller than expected and has a unibody aluminum shell.  So far, it has worked great with my 13inch MacBook Pro and my 12inch MacBook.  The color of the aluminum matches the Space Grey almost perfectly.  Hub is solid with great fit and finish...materials are very high quality and makes it feel more expensive than it is.  The USB cable connected to the body is thick and sturdy.  I wish it had another USB-C input port other than the just the power supply one, but that would make the footprint of this hub larger.  It has three USB 3.0 ports and two card drives for SD and MicroSD.  I only tested the MicroSD port so I don't know if it will handle two cards at the same time.  I love how thin this hub is and since I have a pocket on my notebook sleeve, it fits perfectly in there.  It gets slightly warm when you plug in the HDMI port, but I think most of these hubs are like that.  This is a perfect travel hub at a great price.

	
  Since COVID-19 force us to work from home this little gadget came ready handy I have only 2 USB; 1 C & the other 3 on my notebook.  This hub gives me an HDMI port where I use my external monitor working with a 13” laptop for long period of time ready put a stain on your eye. With 3 USB 3 ports I can attach lot of things to it and with 2 note 10 and a 10“ tablet plug in, it did get a little warm to the touch. This hub is made from metal; I believe aluminum, it cool down very quickly once I remove a couple of charging gadget.  I also like the size of it, less than ½ of my phone and can easily fit in a pocket. I know that I will be purchasing a couple of this, since my wife and sons are eyeing at this hub.

	
   For my MacBook air 2020 I purchase this VAVA product.I likes it so much because MacBook Air has only 2x USB C/Thunderbolt ports that’s why I need more ports. My keyboard is used regular USB different connection. I am looking for USB C hub for extra ports for various uses. Thats why I like this hub. A) Plug and play connection B) great smooth designC)  PD charging via hub D)  HDMI: 4K E)Good warrenty

	
  the only dongle that  has 5 stars and deserves it.I use all slots at the same time and with out any interruption in power supply, card ejection or overheating.After seeing it for my self i had to buy VAVA USB C Hub, 8-in-1 USB C Adapter with 4K HDMI, 1Gbps RJ45 Ethernet Port, USB 3.0, SD/TF Card Reader, 100W PD Charging Port for MacBook/Pro/Air and Type C Windows Laptops.to have extra 2 usb-c ports available on my mackbook pro.

	
  Let's be honest, these USB-C hubs all work pretty much the same, so the only real distinctions are: 1.) whether or not they suddenly explode due to low-quality materials, and 2.) design and form-factor.For #1, it hasn't exploded yet. It actually comes with a warning label informing the user that the hub can get pretty hot under heavy load from multiple connections, but so far it hasn't gotten very warm on me, so I don't think it'll suffer catastrophic failure any time soon (though you can expect to hear from me again if it DOES explode).For #2, this thing looks and feels nice. It has an elegant, no-frills design, wrapped in rounded, matte granite-grey metal with black plastic on both ends. The cord feels thicker than average, and the various ports and card slots are nicely spaced to prevent American Parking Lot Syndrome (c'mon guys, white lines do NOT mean "park on me." But I digress).Most importantly of all, the company logo doesn't look stupid, which is possibly the biggest plus you can get in this category of computer accessory. Seriously, some of the company names and logos on these USB-C hubs just scream "knock-off sweatshop brand," whereas the VAVA logo kind of reminds me of the Sony VAIO logo, which I have very fond memories of. For all I know, VAVA is ALSO a knock-off sweatshop brand, but heck, they sure fooled me. For the price, I can't rule out the possibility.So basically, it doesn't look embarrassing, and it'll probably outlast my supply of pandemic toilet paper. Smiles all around.... for now.

	
  I quickly needed to set up a home office as my company transitioned to a WFH environment. Once I had laid out everything I needed on the table and inventoried the essentials (laptop, extra screen, 2 mobile phones, keyboard, mouse, and a number of flashdrives), I realized I needed something that would prevent me from creating a tangled mess. A quick search on Amazon led me to the VAVA hub - and it's perfect! Very sturdy, nice design, incredibly lightweight, and able to accommodate all the essentials and some peripherals. It discreetly sits next to my laptop and helps keep everything connected without looking a mess. The only feature I haven't used is the Smart Card reader, but great to know it's there if I need it. And what was really great is that you could use immediately after taking out of the box - plug and play. Super happy with this purchase!

	
  This hub might be small, but it is mighty. I have 3 things i use this hub (or plan to us it for) first, my laptop has a USB-C and this hub does great at giving extra USB ports and a Video out to connect an HDMI cable. In fact the first use of this hub was to connect my phone (usb-c) to a HDMI cable to watch a movie out side using a Mini projector. Worked flawlessly.  (Please read more about this in my review of the mini projector) I also like the speed the USB-C hub gives when reading SD cards and copying the data over to my PC. So much faster then standard USB-C.  So, Whether this is being used as a hub for my laptop, a connector for my phone, or a SD Card reader. This has proven very versatile

	
  I bought this to replace a $20 USB-C hub I got on Amazon as soon as the inside popped open and monitor connection was quite finicky for such a new hub. I did not want to pay $70 for a lightweight and durable hub. After reading the reviews and using it for a few days, I can say the connection with full HD monitor has been 10/10 and I can connect both an external hard drive and an SD card to it at the same time as the monitor and the monitor won't shut itself off like the previous one did. Also the packaging is way higher quality and with many more instructions and details about the product than the other one I got (it came in a box with no little paper saying specs or anything). This will get the job done for me!

	
  I'm super happy with this. The old adapter I had only included 1 usb A spot.  I was constantly having to swap in and out the things I needed when I need to use a flash drive.  This one has 3 plus the HDMI port and the SD and MicroSD card reader.  I won't have to keep unplugging things now.  I haven't used all the ports at once, but I don't notice any issues with it overheating.  This  has made my work experience so much more efficient since I don't have to swap in and out flash drives on my old adapter.

	
  My new work laptop is a Lenovo T490 which uses USB C for charging as well as monitor/peripheral connections. I wanted a small USB C hub that could  give me an extra HDMI connection for my dual monitor setup.  This hub did that while also adding 3 extra USB 3 ports as well as SD card slots.It works great for my home office and is also so light that I will not mind taking it on work trips either.It was plug and play with my computer (Windows 10) so there was no software download or install needed.It just works!

	
  This VAVA USB-C hub solves the MacBook Air's frustrating lack of ports which has become a real problem since we're all now relying more on tele-meeting software to work remotely. Needing to connect both an external camera and headset via standard USB, plus the MacBook's own USB-C power cord, I had more cords than available slots. The three standard USB ports are a lifesaver, as is the USB-C passthrough slot, and it reads standard and micro SD cards. Before I was constantly plugging and unplugging peripheral devices, and this hub has made my life that much easier.  The casing is solid and well-made, and I feel this is tremendous value for the money. Highly, highly recommended.

	
  After getting the MacBook Air, it was hard to use all other devices we had that are USB as well as the memory cards. Enter this dock and it made our life so much easier. It has more than enough ports to connect all devices you may have and is pretty sleek. Right now I am not going out but when I start, this will fit easily in the carry bag. I currently have connected a USB mouse, phone charger, and SD card from the action cam. Works like a charm.

	
  I have macbook pro 15 2016 and it has 4 usb-c ports. Wife's work laptop and daughter's laptop each have one usb-c port. Daughter's laptop does not have HDMI output though. There are so many dongles to choose. I am looking for one that can transfer power via usb-c (for macbook pro), have HDMI port, a few usb-A ports; a SD card reader will be nice; more important is that we like to use it for both mac and windows without glitch; I was thinking about getting a Lenovo usb-c 7 port dongle, which has same spec but cost almost 3 times to this one; Reading all the reviews I decided to give this product a try; Out of box it feels good quality, well made cable and connectors. Plugged into macbook pro and has usb-c power pass through the dongle. after prolonged use it did not heat up. Every port just works, external display via HDMI port is recognized right away without hassle, sweet! Next wife and daughter used on their laptops, it worked flawlessly as well. Wife used this to add 2nd monitor and daughter gets external monitor connected when she needs. Transfer speed through usb-A 3.0 port seems to be quick, no issues; I can see this is good for traveling given its compact size and sturdy cable / build. Hopefully it will hold up well for years to come;

	
  My, this is a sturdy little device! I was very pleased to note that the cord is thicker than I expected and the ports connect to my computer and other gadgets smoothly but not at all loosely (which I unfortunately learned can be the case with a lot of budget purchases). This is neither the cheapest, nor the most expensive option on the market but it excellently serves its duty. I’ve experienced zero heating (from both my computer and the connector), fast charging, and the color is flush with my space gray MacBook. Size is travel-friendly yet big enough you won’t have to buy replacements every other month (r.i.p AirPods #1-5). In comparisons to other renditions of this kind of connector, such as the singular usb 3.0 plug in, and the stick-type I HIGHLY recommend you steer clear of those and invest in this type of corded device. The sticks I found to be very uncomfortable, and the singles are in the grave with ghosts of AirPods past. I’d be happy to update this review later on to comment on its durability. Happy charging!

	
  I primarily purchased this to add a second HDMI monitor to my work laptop so I can use 2 27inch monitors along side the 14 inch screen. This hub supports pass through charging so now I can simply connect hdmi cable and PD charging cable to the hub before connecting the hub to laptop. No lag or response issue when moving windows around.Added bonus which i came across was if you have a Samsung Dex supported device simply connecting it to this hub makes your phone into an android desktop so it can be used on a 27 inch screen. Hub also allows use of wireless keyboard/mouse dongle to be connected and used.Overall would recommend this light, small and solid built USB-C HUB

	
  My new company laptop is a macbook pro and it only comes with usb c port, therefore I used a lot of different cables but a lot of time I couldn't find the cable I need when traveling. One of my friends recommended me to buy this all in 1 adapter and now I can easily organize my computer bag because this compact adapter replaced all the bulky cables . I really love it and it can fit into the front pocket of my computer bag.

	
  Being a Macbook Pro End-User, i am often faced with difficulty for accessing physical devices like USB devices, or Memory Card Reader or connecting to an external Display device for my work activities. Amazon had many products to suffice my need and came across this product and based on the specs, it was looking promising and thought to try out.  Receive the product in time as promised by Amazon Prime Delivery .Talking about the product, coming out of the box , i find it very solid all metal body , premium finishing gives the impression of  fine tune of the product. Super easy to use out of box. No additional drivers or installation needed.I was able to read USB device and able to connect additional display device. Works fine without any issues so far and hope it works well going forward.

	
  Works exactly as hoped without a hitch. My laptop has only one standard usb port so having a hub is a must. The hub that came with my laptop is pretty cheap and has only one additional usb port so this one is an excellent upgrade.It is made of nice materials and is weighty (not heavy - feels like it's made of good materials). I also really like the HDMI port being on the end because it works well for my particular arrangement. If i find myself needing to get another usb-c hub, I'll happily reorder this one!

	
  Now that I am working from home, my home PC was moved upstairs so that I could have an isolated home office.  However in the evenings I like to spend time downstairs with my wife (and kids/grandkids) BUT I also like to do some light gaming and web browsing at the same time.I was able to use my phone (Samsung Galaxy S9+) to stream games from my PC to our TV downstairs, but the lack of a keyboard and mouse made it untenable, and streaming the game via wireless TO the phone and then streaming the video via wireless TO the TV reduced the streaming quality yet again.  This, however, lets me hook up a keyboard and mouse (and potentially ANOTHER USB device), HDMI to the TV AND KEEP THE PHONE CHARGED.  Everything works! AND I am able to play Magic The Gathering:Arena in the living room and STILL get to be with my family.  The only thing that would make the experience better now would be to change the network connections on both the PC and the phone from wireless to wired.  And I think they have a version with Ethernet as well!!

	
  This item is perfect. Amazon sold me defective iphone charging cables and went I wrote a review for that item, amazon's review website bugged out, said that product has been pulled from amazon already, and instead posted the negative review for this item instead of the defective i wrote the review about . Ignore the1 star review for this item that is listed under my name for this item below. Amazon added that review to this item just because it was in the same order as the defective iphone chargers that amazon sold me.

	
  The Good:Economically priced compared to similar productsUSB-C pass throughHDMI on the go3 USB ports!Quality buildDual MicroSD and SD portThe Bad:No dual/triple screen capability, but i knew that in advance. Would be a nice add-on, but i suspect the price would easily double.The Overall:This USB is rather small yet powerful. Its great for portability, especially during COVID times. I'm working mobile lately and traveling on the road. This thing allows me to have the power of a laptop with peripherals and USB ports, but in a tiny package. I'd recommend for those looking for something similar.

	
  With the covid quarentine going on, my 1st grader daughter's classes are all distance based with mixture of apps and zoom meetings.  Got this hub for her to take advantage of my Samsung S5e's dex capability, so she can do her school work on a larger monitor.Originally, I got a USB-C to HDMI converter but this doesn't allow for charging.  This hub allows my tablet to project onto monitor while being charged at the same time.I am happy to see the hub is much smaller than anticipated so easier to hide.

	
  I originally bought this adapter so I can use a headset with my MacBook Pro, because my son preferred that I not bother his adapter. I had recently taken some pictures for a friend at her daughter’s graduation party. I had doubts it would download the pictures from my Canon 7D to the MacPro because of the connections being used. I was so wrong and I am glad I was. I was able to download the pictures along with a bunch more from the last year. Game changer! I can finally download my camera to my Mac. I am sure I will have the same great results with my headset, although I have not tried that yet. I highly recommend this if you have anything you need to plug into a Mac or a pc. I am very pleased and it is at a great price!

	
  I am always running out of USB ports on my laptop. This thing is a life saver at times. It works really well. It’s lightweight. It has a lot of extra ports. It is easy to pack up with my laptop and take with me. It doesn’t feel cheaply made. If you are looking for an extra USB port this one is a good one.

	
  I recently upgraded my computer after ten years and was disappointed to see that all the ports were removed. Luckily, someone recommended this Hub to me and I don't have to worry. This hub makes it super easy to connect all of my devices, including inserting my SD card to import photos/video. I'll be sure to recommend it to anyone else who worries about losing all their ports.

	
  I purchased this product to use in conjunction with my 2020 Macbook Pro. The color of the nub matches the computer exactly which, although it is purely aesthetic, is nice attention to detail to bump the product to 5 stars.The hub has functioned well with the HDMI connected to my monitor, a USB mouse, USB keyboard, microSD, and USB drive all attached at the same time. Speeds didn't seem to be affected and I didn't notice too much heat build-up or anything. You can spend a lot more for the same functionality. I'd recommend this product as you could go through a couple of these before matching a single, more expensive option. Yes, it's a bit annoying that I can't even plug a USB jump drive into my mac anymore. That's apple's problem. I was a bit annoyed by that and would have been very annoyed if forced to pay 60 for a working hub (on top of the computer cost) for that privilege. However, with this affordable hub I've actually grown to like the port set-up as it keeps everything clean and organized.Great solution for a problem Apple created. (but it's made me appreciate the port set-up and cord organization)

	
  I needed something small and that had all the basic necessities which were mostly USB ports for my accessories & HDMI port for my screen. I didn't really need any of the SD card readers but those were all one side that I just don't use - I guess I'll have it if I ever need it. I love that the color matches my Macbook Pro finish perfectly. It's really portable, lightweight but feels like it's made with quality parts. I've only been using it for a week and so far no issues! Also, I really liked the packaging and glad the name printed on the top of the device isn't some weird, obnoxious knock-off name. Highly recommend!

	
  Adapter is exactly what I was looking for to alleviate the limited # of ports on my Macbook and keep things tidy. Using an external monitor with the laptop, I like to put my laptop on a stand and align one side of the laptop close to the monitor. If I plug in accessories on one side, it obstructs the view of the monitor, or I have to leave a larger gap. This adapter is compact and lets me keep my accessories plugged in on the other side of the monitor.I like that the adapter is small with a sleek design. My only wish was the cord was a little bit longer so that the adapter does not hang in the air while my laptop is on a stand.

	
  Finally a USB C hub that works as expected consistently. I am very happy with the purchase of the VAVA USB C hub. Installation with Windows 10 was very easy, just plug and play, external monitor and USB A peripherals working for me without any issue. So much easier to plug this one device into the laptop instead of plugging individual cables into separate laptop ports. I would purchase this hub again.

	
  Got this in the mail today.  I have a chromebook and have been looking for USB-C hubs for a while since it only has two usb-c ports and one is used for charging.  Having three full sized USB ports now is great.  Plus you get the hdmi out, a power port for charging other devices and TF/SD card readers.  It worked immediately and flawlessly with my Pixelbook.  I also like that VAVA includes an extended warranty for a total of 30 months if you register the product.  I'm going to be using this thing a lot more over the upcoming weeks and will update my review if I run into anything but so far I am extremely pleased with my purchase.

	
  The overall fit and finish of the product are very high. I own a 2019 MacBook Pro 15" in Space Grey and this matches very closely—albeit a very slightly darker color. Overall build quality is excellent and I like the ability to charge my computer through the dongle so I don't lose a port when it's plugged in. The cable is a bit stiff, but I suppose that means it's more sturdy and won't kink easily. The only thing missing is the ethernet port, and I could have paid extra for that but chose not to. Highly recommended!

	
  This things is a life saver. Instead of me carrying around my heavy laptop to complete my school assignment I just carry around this. I plugged it into my galaxy s 10 plus and plug in my USB drive. I access my files and I can edit and type my assignments on my phone. And I was able to submit my classwork using my phone.

	
  I have purchase LOT of gadgets like this USB-C hub, for use with my Mac laptop, iPhone, Windows laptop, KVM switches, etc. I've bought at least three of these USB-C hubs and they seem to be high quality, they work great, and they come in nice, professional packaging. I don't normally pay attention to the manufacturer of these little accessories, but Vava stands out.

	
  I recently bought a new MacBook Pro that had limited ports. As all the new Mac laptops on the market, you get a powerful device with a sleek design which unfortunately compromises space for ports. The trend is usually having a single USB-C and if you’re lucky, you’ll get another USB-C. Then you’re stuck with buying a bunch of hubs or dongles for your desired connection whether it’s a HDMI or SD card reader...etc I know some people would argue this saying that all the tech companies are pushing towards wireless connection and cloud usage rendering ports useless.If you’re like me, you would appreciate having a single hub with all the ports that are necessary for your usage.VAVA had the perfect solution for me. They recently released a line of USB-C variety hubs with different ports depending on your need. I got the Premium 7-in-1 USB-C Hub.The Premium 7-in-1 USB-C Hub consists of 3 USB- 3.0 ports on one side and one 4K HDMI port, regular SD and micro SD card readers on the other side. The 4K USB-C cord provides flexibility but in the same time you can feel the high quality. The USB-C connector is sleek providing space if you need to connect to a nearby port in your laptop. When it’s connected to the laptop, there’s a circle that lights up indicating the power connectively to the hub. This product has been ideal for my requirements. I need a HDMI connecter because I connect my laptop to different displays whether it’s a monitor, tv or projector for presentations. The there USB 3.0 ports allow me to simultaneously copy data at a high speed and to my surprise, the hub doesn’t heat up when copying large data. Unlike other hubs, which tend to heat up. In addition, if you have an iPad, you’d probably have noticed that it won’t charge when it’s connected to your laptop through a regular USB- 3.0 port or it would take forever.The best thing is Its have Thunderbolt as well so I can charge my Samsung phone with that as well along with Mac.Great product. The price is way too reasonable than any other.

	
  Bought a new MacBook Air recently, and needed to buy a USB-C hub to be able to use some of the things I had purchased with my previous computer. Looked at a ton of different options, but this one seemed like the best option for the price and it had a ton of positive reviews to back it up. Received it the other day and I'm glad I decided to go with this one. It seems really solidly put together and it's worked flawlessly the little bit I've used it so far. And the color perfectly matches the color of my new laptop, which is definitely a plus!

	
  At half the price of best Buy's cheapest three screens, it's an amazing display.The installation was so simple that I hooked it up to my 2019 Mac Book Pro, plugged the charger into it, plugged in two HDMI monitors and a VGA monitor, and shook a three-screen monitor.My monitors are all 1080, so I can't check the 4 K functionality.Plus, I love the idea that I can connect my Mac Book to the network with a L an cable for a gigabit connection, and I don't need to reduce the number of USB devices connected.I can't believe that such a cheap little adapter can replace the expensive graphics card I used to use to connect my desktop to three screens.I like this little girl very much. I like it very much. I have a lot of money left over.Very YES!

	
  The new MacBook Air comes with 2 USB-C ports (one of which is used for power), which makes impossible to connect scanner, mouse, keyboard, thumb drive, camera SD cards, external monitors etc.This dongle connects all of the above using a single USB-C port! I have checked all the ports of the dongle. All 3 USB ports charge my iPhone. All 3 work with Logitech Bluetooth mouse & keyboard unifier, whether independently (each with its own unifier) or in combo mode (a single unifier drives both mouse and keyboard). All 3 work with USBA thumb drive and external hard drive (not checked the read/write speed).  The HDMI works fine on my external HD monitor, although I don't have a 4K monitor to test it. Read and write on both SD and microSD work fine (not checked read/write speed). Overall, this USBC dongle is a bargain and a lifesaver to my laptop.The dongle can get hot, so I elevate it a little bit to let air can flow under.  I hope it lasts a year  or more (I have used it for 2 weeks).

	
  I’ve bought a few of these hubs and I’ll say this is the absolute best one I’ve found. The biggest problem for me is that most of these don’t properly power through and the speed of transfers for most of them is trash. This hub is the opposite it has proper power through and great speeds. It’s finish matches closely with my space gray MacBook Pro and I honesty couldn’t be happier.

	
  I've been using this for a solid week now for my new macbook (curse the fact that we even need accessories for basic USB and HDMI ports lol), and what can I say? It does its intended job. All 3 USB, USB-C, and HDMI ports work. I haven't used the micro SD or the SD slot just yet since I haven't had the need, but I'm not worried. I much prefer the accessories with cords like this one over the ones that you have to keep flush against your laptop, so I'm pleased.

	
  I recently bought the Lenovo Chromebook Duet, which only has a single USB-C port.  I had previously successfully connected devices using a USB-C to USB-A adapter, but with a single port this means I can't connect anything else.VAVA USB C 7-in-1 Hub to the rescue.  Can now connected multiple USB-A devices as well as HDMI and SD Card (which is also missing from my Lenovo Chromebook Duet).Only 2 thing I wish this had:1. Data connectivity via the USB-C port - unfortunately this port appears to only support power delivery.  Not a surprise, but wish I could connect USB-C peripherals as it's connected to my only USB-C port.2. The USB-C connector is permanently connected.  Wish it was removable both for storage and so I could use different length cables.  However, I'm sure this does help keep costs (and as a result sale price) down.Neither of these is a deal-breaker, and also neither came as a surprise, so overall a great little device.

	
  Connected SSD, webcam, and monitor to macbook pro with this hub. Also used the pass though charging at the same time. I was originally concerned that this hub would become very hot, but after a full day of usage, It was only warm to the touch. If you are thinking of linking lots of things though a usb-c hub and are concerned about thermals, go for this one.

	
  It's small and packs a ton of punch! It's easy to just toss in my bag so it can be with my computer *and* it has a DC in so that I still have another USB-C port on my Macbook Air for high-speed hard drives or other USB-C accessories. This gives me literally everything that I need from a USB-C Adapter.It's even better than the one provided by Apple!

	
  I have a MacBook Pro (2019) and was looking for a USB-C hub that had HDMI, a micro SD and USB ports and this one works perfectly. It is very sturdy and reasonably priced. It is small enough that I can carry it in my laptop cover along with my power cord and adapter. It connects with my laptop with no issues. I have not tried connecting it to a power source yet so I can’t comment on how warm it might get. I’m very happy with it and would highly recommend it.

	
  We tried different USB-C hubs with the sole purpose of being able to connect USB Scanners to a Samsung Tablet, and at the same time be able to provide battery power to the Tablet so it could last long enough for the shift. The VaVA is able to handle it with no trouble.

	
  I bought this because my laptop has only usb-c and it was quite inefficient to use a converter everytime. This solved those issues and also has a hdmi port which gives good quality picture.The build is good with a metallic body and is portable. It has a sd card reader as well but I have not used it.All in all- does what it is supposed to do. Good product!

	
  I really liked the build quality of this item firstly. I also really liked all of the various ports in this and made it easy to set up a nice dual monitor station for my Macbook Pro. I was able to hook up my wired mouse, my wired keyboard, my ethernet dongle, and my charging cord all to the same plug. So when I go to my desk, All I have to plug in is this single dongle, and the rest is complete. It also lets me use clamshell mode and works wonderfully.

	
  This USB-C Hub is very compact and yet it feels like it is made with solid quality materials.For the price and the number of expansion ports and the USB's are all 3.0, this is a very good value AND better yet it works as advertised with my new Macbook Air.

	
  This is easily one of the best USB-C Ports I have purchased. The last one I had was flimsy and felt cheap, but this port is very sturdy and flexible. The cord is firm but easily adjustable, and the sleek design ensures the port stays firmly on whatever surface you are working on. It is well worth the money, and has great functionality.

	
  This USB-C HUB is soooo helpful! I didn't realize when upgrading from my old 2015 macbook air to a new 2020 MacBook pro, I wouldn't be able to charge my iPhone without an adapter of some sort! I quickly ordered this, and it was delivered pretty fast! I'm definitely happy with this item because it can do so many more things than just charge my phone!

	
  Love that it's portable and works as an adapter for so many things. My GoPro and car dash cam uses SD adapter and for work a USB flash drive and these work great since the MacBook air uses usbC now

	
  Pros: Great lightweight compact little hub perfect for my laptop because there's only 2 USB ports on it.Now I can plug in SD card, another USB devices & etc.Looks like it's made from a light weight metal material that's not a cheap quality one either.Cons: None

	
  Seems to be the most for your money.  A lot of competitors products cost more and don't have all the features this one has.  Can tell the product is well made and small so very portable and great for using on the go for your laptop.  Ordering a second one for my other laptop.

	
  This a great little usb hub for the money! especially if you have purchases any of the Macbook Pro/Air lineup in the last few years that only have 2 thunderbolt ports. Works great for my needs, especially using a usb mic i just recently purchased. worth the money, and if you need something that has additional features, VAVA offers a variety of usb hubs to meet your needs. I definitely dont regret buying this product, and will keep this manufacturer in mind if i need any accessories in the future.

	
  I needed something to use for charging my laptop in a pinch. The VAVA adapter worked extremely well! I was quickly able to add my accessories and didn't experience any hesitation with my accessories. It's a great product at an amazing price!

	
  This is exactly what I was looking for! The device is small and does not get in the way when plugged in. The card reader and hdmi worked right when plugged in with no issues. For me, the hmdi even worked to show Netflix on my TV. The issue I encountered was  when I plugged my portable hard drive into the USB port, I could not get my files to pop up. I learned my drive was formatted as NTFS for my PC. I saved my files elsewhere and reformatted to fat32 which works on both operating systems. No issues now! It’s great, portable and does what I need it to do!

	
  Arrived on time and is a well built USB-C Hub.  Works perfectly with both Windows based computer Lenovo Thinkpad and my MacBook Air.  I would recommend this product especially since it has the pass thru charging capability.

	
  Awesome adapter for USB and HDMI. All 3 USB ports and the HDMI are used and I don't have any problems. I use this to work between two screens; my laptop and a desktop monitor. It works on my 1080p monitor pretty well and makes it extremely efficient and easy to work. One downside is that if you have multiple wires from other electronics, like an interface, speakers or monitors, it gets somewhat difficult to organize it. That doesn't defeat the purpose of the adapter though!

	
  I purchased this Adapter Because of my friends has one . She told me it is very good .  It is not just only powerful. Multiple functions , it it so easy to carry around. My job need to work out a lot . Love it .

	
  "This device is very light with metal casing. I have seen review of other "cheap" adaptor, the reviewer complained about the adaptor became very hot when coping large amount of data. Not with this device, since the casing is metal with large surface, copying large amount of data using this device will only make it "comfortably warm", and can be managed safely and easily."

	
  This is a great mini dock. It has 3 USB 3. 0 ports, 1 HDMI port, 1 PD charging port, 1 SD card reader, 1 TF card reader. Leave it on your desk and only have to plug in this one device to be ready for work. It's performing perfectly, with no lag when swapping it between laptops. The hub gets only slightly warm even when using to charge devices and transfer data, which is better than I expected, since similar products' reviews complained about heat. I like it so much. I'll probably buy a second one soon for travel.

	
  the adapter comes very well packaged and feels very sturdy. Other adapters heat up when using but this one stayed cool through use.I tested the speed of the adapter and it's as fast as connecting directly to the PC USB port.Fully recommended.

	
  I use this at the office. We have an open office plan, so I take my computer and find a different place to work frequently. I need to plug in my headset and keyboard dongle repeatedly, so I just leave them plugged in to this so I can attach all my USB Type A devices and an HDMI monitor all at once to my laptop USB C connection. Saves wear and tear on the USB dongles, and I never break one off in my computer any more. This device looks well made and feels very solid (no "twist") and seems like it will last quite a while.

	
  Love this product, so compact and easy to use!!! It has sooo many adapters, you can connect to an HDMI, digital camera cards, etc!! It’s a total package, all in 1! Totally recommend, priced just right!!! Can use for many diff purposes!!!

	
  The product just arrived today, was in a rush due to COVID-19 and work from home situation. Needed to have a HDMI extension on my new monitor. The product worked pretty well, the display is pretty good and it is super easy to move the dock around the disk for different purposes. Additionally, the hub is super lightweight, you wont even feel it.

	
  This device has helped me improve my productivity by so much. The feature allowing you to power your device while outputting video has been a game-changer. I now have 4 external monitors hooked up to my 15 inch MacBook pro. 5 Screens total. The inclusion of the sd card readers allows me to easily transfer files to my 3d printer. I use this device every day and have recommended it to all my friends. If you are looking for a fantastic usb-c hub look no further.

	
  I have used this hub with my Microsoft Surface Pro 7 for a month now with no issues. It has worked with everything that I have tried with it. It's lightweight and small, so it's easy to travel with. I'll make sure to update my review to reflect any changes in my experience, but everything seems to be great so far.

	
  I had purchased a 10 in 1 hub earlier for 3 times what I paid for this and was happy with it but I was looking for an HDMI to USB C adaptor to run two monitors from my MacBook Pro and came across this product. I could have gotten a simple HDMI adaptor for about $10 but for the difference in price, I had another versatile hub. Between the two hubs I have no problem running two monitors and although I'm using both USB C ports, you can plug the power cord into the hub; freeing up the second USB C for other uses. If I would have ran across this product earlier I would not have spent the money on the 10-1 hub.

	
  Plug and play.There is no need to install external drivers.It's very easy to use.Simple packaging atmosphere.The material is exquisite in workmanship.It looks great.Small and beautiful.Very beautiful.Very light.Travel and work often.You can take them with you.Port synchronization is super fast.You can also read both SD and TF CARDS at the same time.I really like this product.

	
  This product arrived promptly, was well packaged and is just what I needed. It's well made and a great design with many different accessible ports. It's small enough to carry in my bag and perfect for home.

	
  This is fantastic ! Having an Apple computer, it is so difficult to be able to do things without unplugging and plugging in because there are so few USB ports. This was so helpful. I am so glad I purchased this

	
  Works very well. Is study and looks very nice as well. Plugs in to MacBook Air perfectly. Item came packaged very nicely. For the price, you are getting a great product, with multiple ports. Haven’t noticed any overheating as of yet. Highly recommend product and seller!

	
  Works great to add HDMI and a couple other main things missing for my surface pro. Small and light weight but made of aluminum and seems to be very well built. Should last me for a while. I use it mainly to connect via hdmi to my tv. No problems so far. Great value too.

	
  I bought both 8-in-1 and 7-in-1 versions of this for my Macbook Pro (the picture is of the latter), I have several devices to connect. (needed 8-in-1 to be able to plug in to ethernet). Both work perfect and look nice as well. I use the hub to connect to USB for charging my wireless mouse, Logitech unifying receiver (for wireless mouse and keyboard), a security key, and an external disk; no problem so far. 8-in-1 is slightly bigger but both are compact enough for travel as well.

	
  I was looking for an adapter for my MacBook pro and this is a really good one. It keeps same style and looks awesome.Materials are great. I love you can plug/unplug everything just using 1 plug in your laptop. DC in works fine and it does not overheat or something.3 USB ports are really cool if you work with any external HD and wireless mouse or any other device at the same time.This is a really good product with a really good price.

	
  I have enjoyed using the USB-C Hub by Vava for about 2 weeks now. Every device I connect through it has worked wonderfully. I am now ready to create!

	
  I used it to connect a mixer Numark, and it works fantastic the software runs perfect on the device. Later I tried to plug in an USB and the same then I connected the USB on my Tv to see a movie.

	
  Was looking for a small and sturdy USB C hub that I could use at work desk at home to reduce the clutter. This works perfect for my single monitor setup.Had to reach out to their technical support due to screen flicker, which was easy to reach.  Issue turned out to be simple dirt on the head of my cable.Pros - Power delivery, 3 USB 3 port, SD card and easily rechable technical support.Cons - No Ethernet and USB C port

	
  I have been using it on my iPad pro to transfer camera data through sd card and watching movies on projector through HDMI and everything has been working great!

	
  I know there is a newer model out but this model is perfect for my new Macbook Air 2020. The casing feels sturdy and it has a sleek space gray color. Since the new Macbook Air only comes with 2 ports this is a must. I highly recommend it.

	
  I have been using this for a over one week now and had it working trouble free. The feature that i like the most is the power charging port. I have a Macbook pro 2019 model and the charging works just like direct power. This essentially helps me saving one C type port on the laptop for other uses.The product itself is sleek and looks sturdy.Great Product! I will recommend to others.

	
  I received it today and plugged it straight in without any issues. I have a MacBook Pro (2019) and needed to connect a camera and microphone. With both connected through the hub, there was no delay or lag and the quality was great. Would definitely recommend this product based on the simplicity, quality, and price.

	
  This hub is nice and light for the rare times when I need to connect more devices to my laptop than available ports. The SD card reader appears to work fine as well for my camera's SD card. The aluminum casing feels nice in hand and better than a plastic shell.

	
  I just received this today, very fast delivery. The overall quality and packaging is very well done. It is sturdy and made well. There is also good warranty coverage. It really gets the job done with my new MacBook Air with 3 USB ports and ability to project onto the TV as well. Fast charging capability and good data transfer. Overall very happy, will look to this brand again in the future.

	
  My laptop only has two usb holes and I needed more space to plug more items.This USB gave me 7 options in 1 and I love that I can plug different items. I would def recommend. The shipping was fast!

	
  Didn't realize my Dell computer came packaged with a mini C hub but the inclusion of the HDMI and SD card reader plus compact size make this a winner.

	
  Great things DO come in small packages! This  hub made it so easy for me to complete last minute research while traveling, create beautiful slides and give a great presentation without connecting / disconnecting my computer and accessories a million times.

	
  I like the fact that I can attach my home peripherals (TV, keyboard, and mouse) and only have one cable to unplug from my laptop when I get up and go.The aluminum rounded styling makes it easy to carry around if you wish (I use it more for a home hub).I only wish it had Ethernet like like its older sibling (the 9-in-one). The trade-off being that this model (the 7-in-one) has three USB 3.0 ports.

	
  I really like the simple look of this device. It is going to make travel a lot easier and it has just the right amount of ports on it with three USB ports, one hdmi port, one SD card reader, and one micro SD card reader (I believe.. I've never used a micro SD.)I really appreciate that the space gray color matches perfectly with my macbook pro.Cord seems pretty rigid in a good way so I'm not too worried about it wearing and breaking over time.

	
  USBC cord a bit stiff.  Mobile phone charges very slow with its USB port.  Otherwise no complaint.  Excellent buy for the price.

	
  This product is exactly what I was looking for, a fairly inexpensive USB-C dock that had three USB 3.0 ports and an HDMI port. The PD port and the sd card reader slots were added bonuses. It is slim and has a good feel in the hand, similar to some of Apple's products. I haven't found a flaw that has inhibited my workflow. I have also tried gaming over the HDMI connection at 1080p 60 Hz, and it worked great.

	
  Perfect for correcting what Apple decides not to provide. Why they don’t supply a USB port ? Who knows. This solves the problem

	
  VAVA USB C Hub made it easy for me to connect my usb backup disk to my new MacBook Pro. I didn't realize when I purchased the laptop that it had no way for me to do that!  The VAVA USB C Hub is an inexpensive way to do this. It was easy to just plug and play! THANKS!

	
  Suitable for a variety of mobile phones, so the acceptance is very strong, you can go out at any time with no problem at all, it is recommended to everyone to buy, the price is completely within the budget

	
  Bought this to attach USB drives to access files on my iPad. I have been using it for a couple of days now and it works really well. It’s compact, comes with lots of ports (7 in total) and warning labels about the temperature it can reach if every port is fully used. So far I would recommend this product as compared to others especially at the price as compared to the other competitors. Keep up the good products, Vava!

	
  I was looking for a way to get extra USB and an SD card in my MacBook and this ended up being perfect. I am honestly very impressed with the quality of the product. It is a top-notch thing for all the Mac users out there. Also a great compact tool for traveling. A perfect office tool; can be used in giving the presentation, so no hassle for the wire and stuff.Go for it.

	
  This HUB is extremely practical, I can real 3 USB keys at the same time, contact the video projector via the HDMI cable; The big advantage for me is that I can move with this HUB during my meetings or my business trips. It is light and it allows me to be more efficient.

	
  This product provides exactly what it promises. I have trie many USB-C HUBs and had to return a lot as they don't travel well or won't actually process multiple devices at once. This device has shown it can handle exporting to my hard drive, USB, run a monitor, charge my computer, and run my wireless keyboard/mouse set up. Overall really happy with this product and glad I found it.

	
  Compatible to samsung s20, a71. Great for travelling and very convinient to use. It makes more easy to transfer save files from usb, memory card to phone withour hassle.

	
  The transmission speed is very fast, it will not heat up after a whole day, the quality is very good, it is recommended to buy

	
  Perfect size, nicely built. Does everything it says it does. Does not get hot. Would definitely purchase again.

	
  This is a really good quality hub. I use it so I can use my wireless mouse with my MacBook while also using a monitor and charging cable. It's perfect!

	
  Excellent product ! Why pay so much more for Apple when you can get this ?!!! Great design, very sleek and same  gunmetal  color as my new MacBook Air. Performs as advertised with no issues.

	
  I bought this for the macbook pro and it works great.I am able to use my usb mouse, usb c charger and external monitor.My little portable office.Definitely recommend!

	
  Because during the isolation period, I have to work on a home computer. This little thing can provide more expansion functions for my laptop, which is a good thing to be trusted and helpful to me.

	
  It's so small yet so effective. Pairs well with my 2020 Macbook Air and i can hook up flash drives, keyb/mouse and HDMI monitor.

	
  The connection is very stable, and the material is worth upgrading. It supports multi-device connection and use, without the trouble of power supply, the memory is small and you don’t have to be afraid, it is more convenient when working and studying

	
  Got a new macbook and needed a way to connect 2 monitors to it while still being able to charge it and use USB ports. This took care of everything! Couldn't have asked for an easier set-up!

	
  I have used 3 USB ports and two type C ports and one HTMI port, all of them are working well so far, and it has a small size and a soft cable, a good product comparing to the price.

	
  Compact, easy to use, reduces clutter which I LOVE! I use this at a doctor's office where I'm the practice manager. We plug in several devices used for check in - card scanner, paper scanner, camera, etc. Much easier to plug the hub into the computer, instead of plugging and unplugging all of the devices each day. Very happy with this purchase!

	
  Very good, the hdmi is 4K as well and it looks beautiful on my 4K tv! Even though it says don’t charge your phone with the usb ports or anything else it still does a great job! Im able to plug my iPad Pro, iPhone and interface to my microphone for my home studio up into it. It wont charge my iPad pro but it still pops up for syncing purposes to my macbook.

	
  This is a really good all-in-one usb hub.Build quality is just superb. The compact design makes it great for travel.

	
  I tried several different hubs and most of them had the USB port issue! Either not working or worked very slow.But this one is really good and highly recommend this. HDMI and USB-C are working without any problem.

	
  Easy plug and play device with simple instructions to follow after plugging in

	
  The product is very powerful. I have been using it for almost a month and it has brought me a lot of convenience. The speed of data transmission is very ideal, and it can charge my device. The price is also very affordable. I believe you will like it.

	
  This was just what I needed, a light weight, compact but well built hub. It has all of the connections that I was looking for to be carried in my backpack while traveling for work.

	
  I really love this usb-C hub it is definitely small enough to pack with my laptop on the go. The material is really well made, it is metal and it matches my MacBook Pro which I love that. The shipping on the product came faster then expected and the package is really well made. Easy installation to your computer as well and I love the face that it has 3 USB ports!

	
  This USB-C Hub works perfectly for my new macbook air 2020. It is very light and portable, which is also good for travelling with! With this USB-C hub, I no longer need to worry about about the connecting issue. I will strongly recommend this product.

	
  This is the best USB-C hub. You get a powerful USB-C charger with your Mac but it has no other outlets. You can buy an Anker dual output, which was my first attempt, and I travel with that. This one, however, ingeniously inserts right near your computer, not down at the wall. For the high power rating, this has a value price.

	
  The product is reasonably priced and has a large number of USB ports. Best of all, the materials used to make the adapter match the metal used to make my laptop-the same texture and the same color, which adds to the aesthetics. This adapter is much better than the white, bulky, overpriced, and less useful Apple adapter.

	
  Awesome for my Mac mini.  Now I have 4 external drives running and camera card reader! Perfect!

	
  This item fits my Macbook Pro. I used it for over one week, it works well. The metal texture is very good. The weight is light, so you can carry to everywhere.

	
  Received it vert fast and very usefule and works well

	
  I have been using it for more than ten days, and it brings a lot of convenience to my device, and it feels very good and rugged. This is different from the product I bought before and it is better to use and experience than my original product.

	
  I purchased the VAVA USB C Hub, 7-in-1 USB C Adapter for my MacBook pro. I love the fact that it matches the color of my laptop.It's very sturdy and really the practical accessory for your macbook pro.

	
  This product is great for use with a new-generation Macbook Pro. I was not able to test all ports, however, the 3 USB ports, the HDMI port, and the SD card slot all worked properly.

	
  Loved its small size and very simple to use.

	
  Really nice build quality and every port works great.

	
  This works great with my 2017 13” MacBook Pro. No problems at all and very well made

	
  This USB hub is great for the price. I use it to plug in my wireless keyboard and mouse to my Macbook Air. I love the fact that your able to charge your mac thru the hub. Its solid built, doesn't get hot and it lite. With how small it is, it fits easily in my backpack, for when Im taking photography on the go.

	
  The product is small enough to carry with you, runs off the bus power on the Macbook Pro USB port.Great quality and it can also charge when connected with the power source. The LED to indicate that it is powered on is very useful and convenient also.

	
  This adapter is really high quality! I've had no issues with it so far. It feels like it is made out of metal and matches the color of the mac book pro grey model. It does its job well and hopefully it lasts so I can use it for a long time!

	
  Received this hub on March 22nd and have been using it to connect my macbook air to a 2nd screen since we began working from home.  It is working great for exactly what I bought it for.  Also tested all the connection points and they all work well.  Will eventually use this to also import old sd and microsd cards.  Very happy with the quality of this product.

	
  Needed a nice adapter for my Macbook Air that allowed me to hook it up to power, connect to a monitor and some extra usb ports. This was perfect! The build quality is quite nice, feels like a premium product and it's plug & play, works flawlessly.

	
  I used it for a while,and it was so convenient that I used it on my MacBooK with flash drives.And connect my Macbook to the TV.I really like this product,and it's good valuer for money,cheaper than Apple's official 3-1 Hub.If you're looking for a handy little assistant,I recommend it.

	
  Needed something b/c my PC has 2 USB C ports and not a lot of other ports.  This solves the problem and is super easy to travel with.

	
  Compact and works as advertised.Very compact and feels like a well made produce. Have this connected to a HP Spectre X360 13 with the hub unit connected to the laptop's 65W USB C adapter. HDMI to TV and iPhone simultaneously without any connectivity or heat issues. Very happy with this product.

	
  The shape is small and exquisite, the texture on the hand is very good, the length of the wire is also right, and it is convenient to carry. Excellent performance, perfect compatible interface, better workmanship, good heat dissipation performance, exquisite workmanship, feel good in the hand.

	
  The quality is very good and the workmanship is fine.Feel more delicate than the general, stylish appearance, looks capable, practical.It's just the right size, so it works really well.

	
  Very well made and slim. has made working with my Mac much more productive and easy.Thank you!

	
  I have purchased at least three USB c hub recently. After reviewing, I would say VAVA USB C hub is the best one compare to others. Not only its color is matching my new laptop, but it also got all the ports that I need, such as HDMI, and three USB 3.0 ports!

	
  The only thing I hate about my macbook is the usb-c. Luckily I found this product and it saved my laptop. With this adapter I can connect my portable disk, my monitor, mouth, speaker, keyboard and every thing I need. It has no quality issue and easy to carry when you are travel. Great product.

	
  Good quality with multiple input options.

	
  I rarely write product reviews but this one is the exception.  I needed this adapter as I am building my business and launching my podcast thus requiring multiple port setups.  This was straight out the box easy to plug in and works like a charm.  I can charge devices and power others at the same time.  Thank you so much...truly a lifesaver!

	
  Have been using the VAVA USB C Hub, 7-in-1 USB C Adapter for a couple months now. It has performed perfectly and is the perfect size for my needs. Very happy with the value.

	
  The quality of this USB-C adaptor is super nice. I am very happy with it.  The usb connection to my MacBook Pro is very tight, unlike another one that I own which tends to come up too easily. It means that this VAVA adaptor will stay attached even when a bunch of wires are hanging off it. Very nice.

	
  The package is intact, the goods are good, the appearance level is quite high, after receiving the goods, under the guidance of customer service, successful use, simple operation, feel good, reliable speed.Merchants fast delivery, logistics, customer service is very warm, service satisfaction.

	
  This works great. You can buy an adapter and use it with any device.

	
  I strongly recommend buying this product for people who want to make MacBook more compatible with other devices with different ports. Before purchasing this adapter, I was unable to plug the iPhone into an Apple laptop. It solves all troubles!

	
  Excellent product. Very fast and stable connection. I tried some ports and everything was amazing.

	
  Easy to use and works flawlessly.

	
  The hub has worked flawlessly with my Surface pro7.

	
  This is a great product, the workmanship is very good, the texture is great, the adapter has many interfaces, it is very practical for my laptop interface, the transmission speed is also fast, light and compact, suitable for carrying out ,I am very satisfied.

	
  Great product. Works great and very good to travel

	
  I have multiple laptops for work and private stuff. I used to hate switching back and forth between laptops. With this hub, i can easily change my mouse, KB and monitor with one plug. Love it.

	
  Great Product! I have tried mutliple USB C HUBs for my Samsung Galaxy Tab S6. This one works perfect. DEX works great and resolution especially Netflix movies look pretty.If you need a HUB for Samsung DEX, this is the best.

	
  It is a small, pretty and very usefull product for a good price. It works really good for my MacBook Air 2020 and it comes with all the things that I needed. Also it came right on time.

	
  Because the laptop has only one USB interface, sometimes the mouse, U disk, and CD-ROM drive must be connected at the same time. At this time, the USB interface is completely insufficient. At the same time, the USB devices are connected at the same time, and the work is very stable.

	
  Love the device! It even came a few days before expected delivery date. I've hitched my ipad, iphone, and an external computer monitor to my macbook from it seamlessly. The color is a little bit darker than the space gray but nothing too jarring.

	
  Nice little compact hub. Seems to be well made and so far, works as promised.I have it plugged in to my HP laptop. Should be nice to have because I also have a MacBook Pro so I can swap it as needed.

	
  The goods are packed beautifully and the color matches my computer very well. Small size, usually can be put in the computer bag, it is very convenient.You can use the connection, it is recommended to buy this docking station. There is absolutely no problem.

	
  This is a great product! The cord length is perfect and it has all of the hookups yo might need for working from home and hooking up a second monitor. There are three USBs which is very helpful. Overall, very well made, and after using this for 2 months, I would recommend to anyone!

	
  The newer macbook models only have usb-c, whereas I have dongles and cables of all other types. This reduces the need to have all of those connectors to different ends as it is reasonably priced, does the job, and doesnt knot up in my bag!Would recommend.

	
  Using this hub, I can start a real-time session from a USB thumb drive and use it with an additional USB sound card with the full functionality of a MacBook Pro running Linux. I like this situation, he has no problems!

	
  On my old hub the DC power C-port was slow and I kept getting warnings on my computer. No more! This Hub stopped that. Thank you!

	
  Compact size with all the adapters I need. In the firs couple of days I've had a chance to use the USB ports and SB card reader. Both worked flawlessly and had great transfer speeds. I like the compact size as this will be a constant companion in my travels.

	
  Superior performance, can connect three USB interfaces, the right side also has a network cable interface, the transmission speed is stable and normal.

	
  I purchased this adaptor for my new MacBook Pro, and I have been very happy with it so far.  It appears to be very well made, and all connections have worked well for me.  Seems to be a very good quality for the price!

	
  Great product, highly recommend!!!

	
  I needed a way to connect my new laptop to my 2 monitors, and I thought the manufacturer's "docking station" was absurdly overpriced. This USB-C hub works so well I bought two! One for my home setup and one for my office. Super convenient and easy to set up.

	
  Very nice looking, very easy to use, love it.

	
  I bought this for my new Macbook Air and it's been working great! It was exactly what I needed to connect my external devices. Very satisfied with this purchase!

	
  I like that this adapter only requires one port (some use both ports) on the 2020 MacBook Air.  Using only one port allows you to still be charging your laptop while using the adapter.  Seven adapter functions make it the only adapter you'll need!!!

	
  The product is great and can do what it claims to do. It's very convenient, and if you need to go back and forth to work, you can easily put it in the bag. It doesn't overheat. It has enough slots to handle most of the use cases. Great multi in one device - value for money.

	
  The quality is quite good, the workmanship is fine; the big brand is worth owning, you can plug in several at the same time, there is no problem, the compatibility is very good, no driver is required, it is light and compact, and can be carried with a laptop. I am very satisfied with this product.

	
  Good quality materials and works great! I used it with my Samsung S20 plus for Dex and it works perfect with a mouse and keyboard. It also charges your device while connected which is the main reason I purchased.

	
  Finishing and material is exceptionally good for an accessory. Looks nice on my desk. The ports work as expected.

	
  I've been using this on my MBP 13. Everything works perfectly. The charging is fast and all the inputs work fine. No software needed, just connect your devices and connect to the laptop and you will up and running quickly. Excellent product that I highly recommend.

	
  This product is great! I love that it is so small and you can connect all your devices. It works great for my Macbook Pro 2020 and it runs smooth! and the best part is that it has warranty that can be extended up to 30 months!!

	
  I got it mainly to have an HDMI port in my computer so I could connect it to a monitor I have and the extra usb ports. It's comfortable in size so it won't take too much space in your desk or wherever you use it.

	
  My friend recommended this product to me, and his recommendation was a good one. The hub is reasonably priced, and it works perfectly. I had been looking for an adapter that would connect my MacBook Air to my TV screen, and this item did the trick.

	
  This is an all in one multitool. I like to have one device that can do it all.The unit’s appearance fits well with Apple products, and the labeling of the ports is a nice touch.

	
  Great hub for if you have multiple devices to connect. If you use a Mac device, it'll be especially useful for you.

	
  This product did as it was advertised. It worked with a USB microphone on my 2019 Mac book Air. I am happy so far that i have made this choice.

	
  USB Splitter works, and power injects perfectly into my Pixel 3 and iPad Pro!  Recommend for anyone looking for a sleek mobile high-speed USB Hub for on-the-go.

	
  I only tried the micro SD card, but it was fine. I just watch movies from it, so I didn't test the transmission speed, but at least enough to play. This can meet almost all your needs, and the price is much lower than other adapters.

	
  I like that it is lightweight, compatible with all operating systems, and has all the necessary ports and slots.This will make a great addition to the new HP 13.3" spectre laptop I just purchased for my travel purposes.

	
  The product went beyond my expectations, I would say that the build quality matches the more expensive ones and its very compatible & light.Fits for day to day use and has a wide variety of slots for all your needs.

	
  I initially ordered the 9 Hub adapter and realized they had a 7 Hub adapter so I exchanged it and the customer service was excellent Both Hubs are great and have a very nice sleek design. The space gray matches my space gray MacBook Air perfectly.

	
  I was surprised by how good of a quality this USB hub came to be. It feels like an Apple-made device as it feels like an aluminum base (think MacBook air). As for its functionality, it works for its intended purpose and has met all my expectations.

	
  Works amazing!! Would buy again

	
  This hub is very convenient to use. There are few interfaces for laptops when traveling. With this hub, it's much more convenient. You can connect multiple mobile phones at the same time, and the data transmission is very fast!

	
  It's beautiful and generous, with good hand feel and exquisite workmanship. The transmission speed is very fast. The mouse and radiator can be driven normally,

	
  Dock works great for my new work from home office.  Would recommend this for anyone who needs a USB C dock for home or travel.  I also like that the usb C port on the dock can use my laptops charger to charge my laptop while docked.

	
  Great product, highly recommend!!!

	
  This is nice good looking hub,good quality,fast shipping,works good with my ipad pro 4 gen,highly recommend.

	
  I need an adopter to link my MacBook and a monitor, that's when I discovered VAVA USB C Hub. I placed an order and got it today.Great quality and design. Easy to use.  Recommend to buy.

	
  I use a Bluetooth mouse, so I need such a product. My colleague recommended it to me. I only need a USB-C port, and I can use another port for another hub. After connecting, everything works fine, and the gray matches my Apple notebook very well.

	
  The hub works very well with my MacBook Pro 13". It is high quality, lightweight, and is very portable!*will update after prolonged use*

	
  Able to connect external hard drive, HDMI monitor, and flash drive simultaneously. Performs exactly as I expected.

	
  This is the perfect hub for plugging a number of different devices into a USB-C or Thunderbolt slot. I have a number of USB hard drives and SD cards and this sleek little device worked like a charm to connect everything to my new MacBook Pro.

	
  With this multi-port adapter is really convenient. Because surfacego has only one socket, I have been switching from the USB interface to the HDMI adapter. This USB-C hub helped me a lot, this is a good product worth recommending.

	
  Love this little USB hub! It's great for macbook pro and gives me the option to connect to other devices without having to use it a lot. HDMI works well and all ports are good. Recommended purchase.

	
  My son bought this product for us to connect it to MacBook Pro, and it worked well. Now, I can hook my phone and printer (when WiFi is disconnected) to my computer. It's small, easy to carry, and worth buying.

	
  This adapter is great. Lightweight, easy to use, works great!

	
  I am very satisfied with this Adapter. It has seven ports. It fits my MacBook very well. It is a well-made product. No software and drivers are required, just plug and play. Good product!

	
  - Heavy aluminum finish, feels great- Tried every port, works well- Charges my MacBook Pro 16

	
  Needed a hub to conect my Dell 2-in-1 tablet to HDMI. This one is great, with the bonus of extra USB ports, SD card slot, and additional USBC-C charging port. Sleek, sturdy, and compact. Exactly what I wanted.

	
  I've had this device for less than a week. So far I've only used two of the three USB 3.0 ports on my MacBook Air 2019. I used one port for my external mouse and another port for my external hard drive. So far so good. I will update once I've used more ports.

	
  This usb c docking system is amazing! It works smoothly and its display is bright is very nice. I absolutely enjoy this unit and recommend it to anyone in search of a usb c docking system

	
  Very easy to use, good quality! It's the same feeling as a computer

	
  I am a teacher preparing for distance learning, turning my home office into an online classroom, and making this product really tidy up my desk area, and helping manage everything I need to plug in and charge.

	
  compact, many ports, light, high quality material. Must-have accessory for my new Macbook Pro 16.

	
  this usbc connector is very good. it is compatable with both macbook and ipad. data transfer rate is very fast and it supports 4k hdmi. great product.

	
  This is very helpful to me. It has multiple functions, which I can use. I try every interface, and they can work normally. After connecting, there is no exception and the reaction is very fast.

	
  High practicality in a small package

	
  With this expansion dock, we can directly connect the computer and TV, and our family can watch movies on large screen TV, which we all like very much. Recommend that friends who love watching movies buy them.

	
  the item is much smaller than i expected, but that's a good thing! Takes up very little room on my desk, but solved several problems for me. I wish I would've known about this and ordered it much earlier.

	
  This  product meets my requirements very well. I need an HDMI connector, because I connect my notebook computer to different monitors. It connects very well. This is a product that helps me a lot!

	
  Bought this to use along with a small laptop which doesn't have enough ports. Easily connect second monitor with HDMI port and 3 USB Ports. Price was less than competitors so would recommend to all in need of a USB hub.

	
  The usb c adapter works well, I tried plugging in some cards and thumb drives, it is connecting well and the files can be read and theres no disconnection in between even when I accidentally touched the ports.

	
  This item is great I just got it and was able to use it on my MacBook and ipad. Make sure you plug you charger in if your going to use and ext monitor. This is very good for when I have to travel for work.

	
  I really like this product. I am surprised with the size, It's so compact and easy to carry with you. I really recommend this product!

	
  Does what I need it to do. Had a situation where I wanted to connect to an external monitor, have power run through it, and run peripherals and it works nicely.

	
  Works great with my MacBook. Much better than my previous USB C hub. Doesn’t get hot and much sturdier. Allows me to connect all my accessories and supplies power to my MacBook at the same time.

	
  This thing is awesome. There are all the ports I need. Easy to insert and use. The color matches my MacBook Pro. Convenient to travel and make all my peripherals ready to use.

	
  The USB-C hub works exactly the way  I think it should be.  I was able to use it because one of my USB ports went bad.  It is made with good quality.

	
  I am really happy with this multi port hub - it's very light and compact but has all of the ports I need to connect my laptop to a monitor and for the wireless items I need to plug in.  Great purchase!

	
  When I saw it first there are more 400 five starsI thought it was not real and decided to check, but right after I got I gave 5***** as well

	
  I just recently bought a new laptop with only 2 USB ports but also had a USB C. This hub was a great price with what I needed and a lot more. I am looking forward to using it!

	
  Does exactly as advertised and works well with my MBP. Was afraid that it would overheat or that one of the USB ports would stop working. It's been a month so far and I've been using it daily.

	
  This product is perfect. Very lightweight perfect for travel! It even comes in a small lightweight box that would be perfect to store in while traveling. I am very impressed and happy with my purchase.

	
  Looks like it will survive the wear and tear over time.The product is very well build and it is evident the manufacturers pay attention to detail.

	
  The obsolete hub at home is no longer capable of its work, so I decided to choose this hub to replace it. So far, the work is very stable.

	
  I love this device. It's lightweight and powerful. I appreciate its portability and the price is more than reasonable. It's definitely a great buy. Don't hesitate to buy this.

	
  Just as described! This is as good as they come. I am now able to connect my laptop, 3 USB Drives to do my work seamlessly. I recommend this product 100%. Satisfied Customer :-)

	
  I found this product. It has all the ports needed to connect all storage media. Customer service is amazing. When connecting the portable hard drive, no problems occurred!

	
  The usb-c hub works well and is a rugged product made of durable metal. When using the HDMI port in the hub, I am very satisfied with the video quality.

	
  I mainly use this hub for SD cards and for external hard drives. It is very fast and matches perfect with my Mac Mini. Also, it works with SD UHS-ii cards. Highly recommended!

	
  Received the item as expected. The quality of the product is light and I liked it. Explored lot of alternatives but this is the lightest and best quality I have found in Amazon.

	
  I needed this for extra USB ports on my MacBook Pro and it works great so far! Really lightweight & portable. It also matches the Space Gray that my computer is. Great value. Thank you!

	
  I feel that it's a high-quality product,very convenient to use,to solve the wireless mouse and usb disk share the awkward situation, worth recommending.

	
  It allows the user to plug in the USB C port and greatly expand its function. There are three USB 3 ports and two card readers. I found it to be a quality item.

	
  I had a dual monitor, Ethernet connection, and had to use USB several times. So far, it works well and I don't have any complaints, especially considering the price and quality.

	
  There are many other cheaper hubs but I choose this one for it's excellent design, very slim but solid~ Have tried to use the hub, all ports worked as expected. Love it! Worth the price~

	
  Used this product as an adapter for a Surface Laptop 3. Very good interface for HDMI connection to a video monitor. Material is nice and solid.

	
  This is a great adapter. I love that it has extra USBs and the HDMI port.  It’s sturdy and I love the finished look it has!

	
  This was very efficient and good product it worked with my chomebook very well and lived up to standards

	
  This USB c hub was bought for my younger brother. Now he can project the game screen from his mobile phone on the monitor to play. He is very happy.

	
  I feel the quality is very good. When I plug in the computer, it will react. It's easy to use and carry. It's suitable for office use

	
  It works great! It’s exactly what I needed and I love how well it fits inside my camera bags and my backpack!

	
  This product is what I needed. Works great with Dell XP’s 2-1. Will recommend this product to anyone with laptop/tablet without USB

	
  It is so great. I already have one usb hub but that is not working for him part, and so heavy.It is working all great and very light.Thanks

	
  I love it, working very well. I tried with my laptop Huawei matebook x pro and also My galaxy s10 plus and both working awesome.

	
  I needed a USB-A hub for my Mac-pro and this was perfect. Has everything I need and more for a low price. 10/10 would buy again. I highly recommend it.

	
  Exactly what I was looking for! Small, good quality and price!

	
  this is the best adaptor ever and the only one you will ever need. great build quality and amazing proformence.

	
  I like this product! Compare to my previous USB C hub, it isn't warming up. HCMI connection also doesn't have any problem. Recommend you to buy this product!

	
  USB C Hub easy to use. Has 3 usb3 port and C type dc in i can also charge my laptop too while hub is insert.

	
  I absolutely love the portability of the hub and its many uses. I also love the sleek design which is incorporated well with its aluminum body!!!

	
  Great Product. It’s works as described. I would recommend this device.

	
  This is a great all in 1 hub. I mainly use the USB charger port, microsd slot, HDMI port. I mainly use it in the car formy electronic gadgets.

	
  I tried several others and this hub is the best so far. Very easy to set up. Mirror image on TV superb. Arrived in a very timely manner.

	
  This little box provides everything I need to connect anything to my computer. What a boon. So small and compact too.

	
  The packaging is good, thank you, praise!

	
  After connection, it can be identified quickly. There is no bad contact. I have used it for half a month. It helps me a lot.

	
  Great product . Multi purpose . Highly recommended

	
  I am using the usb hub with a 4k display adapter and for charging my Pixelbook. So far I am happy with the performance. The usb-A slots are also working as expected.

	
  Very good product feels very premium for a price.

	
  Exactly what I needed for the Surface Pro X, using it as a HDMI and usb hub. Really small and compact, which is great for a mobile office.

	
  This product not only has high appearance value, but also is very easy to use, fast transmission speed, convenient and reliable

	
  High quality products, good results. I bought it half a month ago. So far, there is no problem. I'm sure it's as good as the more expensive one.

	
  Nice, compact, well made

	
  This USB-C hub works. No issue with any port. I'm using the HDMI, the charge port and 3 USB. The materials and construction seems to be strong.

	
  Plug and play, simple and flexible operation, excellent quality, easy to carry and affordable, very easy to use, cost-effective

	
  Works as expected, with hdmi and some usb a devices attached to my macbook pro. Thank you!

	
  Very good quality, solid construction, perfect for traveling.

	
  It is small and fast. Works great with the ports I need. Fits my 2019 MacBook Air.

	
  It’s a perfect little device. Extremely helpful at a great price, couldn’t be happier with it.

	
  Tremendous opportunity to use with my MacBook Air; provides the ability I need to support

	
  Great purchase. Works with iPad Pro 2020. Looks great doesn’t feel cheap. Fast shipping.

	
  For the price of this product, it is really hard to beat . Excellent value. I have tested the usb ports and the sd card slots, both worked fine.

	
  Standard laptop adapter. Works well and is fairly lightweight

	
  Worked out great! Just what I was looking for and very dleek and compact. 5 stars

	
  Love the feel of this device. Feels smooth and rugged. Cant wait to use it.

	
  I use it mostly for attaching to dvd player.Until the one from another company this one is working quite well.

	
  It arrived in 2 days and works great so far! Worth the money. looks nice as well.

	
  thing works great easy to store tons of functionality

	
  This was affordable and works with my 2019 MacbookPro.  It's lightweight and small, good for traveling.

	
  Very efficient. Its so practical you can take anywhere and you'll be able to connect stuff on the go.

	
  This was a great deal! The hub is super lightweight and has all the ports I need. I would definitely recommend this over any other USB-C Hub!

	
  Fantastic product. Value for money...Would certainly recommend....

	
  consistent charge and connection, nice finish and quality. Best USB-C hub I've found for my MacBook Pro

	
  Conexión rápida y suave. No se calienta. El producto es ligero y estéticamente también está muy bien.

	
  plugged in and worked immediately! I bought this when the first adapter that I bought from a different company didn't work

	
  Solid! Small and portable and have all the ports I need

	
  Love this product! Great price for all that it does. Perfect size for traveling.

	
  Great product, highly recommend!!!

	
  The product works really well and I like how small it is, it doesn't take a lot of space on my desks.

	
  This is a great add on to my MacBook Air!

	
  I like this product, and i use it with macbook pro for HDMI,usb,sd card and.....

	
  Great design with many ports, super functional.

	
  The price is not the lowest, but the material and feel are the most satisfying. Easy to use with iMac

	
  Great product highly recommend!!

	
  Great product

	
  This 7in1 hub is a great product, Highly recommend.

	
  It's small but does everything I need for my Mac.usb stays sturdy with Mac so it won't come out.

	
  Nice size and good spacing between ports.

	
  I like this one and use in the computer.

	
  Matches the space grey MacBook Pro finish perfectly

	
  I bought this thing to work with my IPad at school and it works great definitely a must school supply.

	
  A very good product!  Plug and play!

	
  It does exactly what you want it to do let me tell you

	
  It's worth to buy! Best of three hubs I used. Highly recommended!

	
  This usb-c adapter is great. Everything works and has all the ports you will ever need.

	
  Loved the USB-C Adapter, my previous USB-C adapter that requires two thunderbolt ports before was not sturdy, starts coming out loose on two or more connections, was not a great use. Then i bought this product from Lava, with good sturdy design, can handle all ports easily. Able to connect to my printer, a big monitor and keyboard and mouse seamlessly.

	
  Great product, highly recommend it!

	
  Works perfectly and love the size and nice look to it.

	
  Very good product.

	
  My husband is uses this for work sometimes and loves it!  He has to teach a lot of classes and this helps him

	
  Fast Shipping, and God Presentation

	
  This item is great! Works just as advertised! Quality!

	
  Arrived faster than I expected, very light weight, and at an excellent price!!

	
  Great price and does the job well. Glad I found this product. Good reviews, trusted product and trusted brand.

	
  very sturdy, nice size for travel.

	
  Small and compact. Works great. An absolute necessity.

	
  Excellent Product! Works great! Does everything that I need it to do!

	
  It is great! light, low price, lots of connectors for monitor, charger, and USB.It shipped as much as earlier than I expected and the design is simple and nice.There are many other options for choosing USB-C hub for MacBook pro and vava is one of the best.I can tell why it is.

	
  Great product, highly recommend!!!

	
  Fast ship, product works well. Thank you

	
  Works as advertised. Plug and play, excellent quality.

	
  This is a nice looking, compact usb hub. It works as advertised and takes up very little space on your desk. The HDMI would be good for presentations, but the frame rate isn't as suitable for gaming.

	
  Great Product, highly recommend!!!

	
  Works as expected with my Lenovo laptop.

	
  I love this USB-C Hub. It's compact but has everything I need for my MacBook Air.

	
  Lightweight, slick design.Convenient for traveling.In 1 month of use, so far no problem.Great product.

	
  Its perfect for what I need it for

	
  This device is great!!!!! Actually runs cooler then my brand new MacBook Pro. Great material quality. Great buy for the price!!!

	
  This product works well and is exactly what I needed!

	
  I use this mostly for the HDMI and usb ports and I am able to connect to my double monitors as expected with no issues. To me, it doesn't make sense to pay more than $30 for a usb c hub and this one is worth the money and relatively inexpensive.

	
  Great Product, highly recommend!!!

	
  It works perfectly, now I can connect the Ipad pro to the TV and charge it at the same time. Highly recommend!

	
  it works well with my macbook pro and 7-in-1 is sufficient for me.

	
  As a college student this USB-C Hub is an absolute must have. It is easy to use and makes not having any ports on my Mac Book Pro no problem at all. The ability to seamlessly switch between ports is really easy and makes using this product a breeze.

	
  Great product, highly recommend!!!

	
  Overall great product. I would recommend if you need a usb c hub.

	
  This USB Hub worked perfectly with my 2020 Macbook Air. I was able to connect multiple devices like my mouse which required USB Type A and my Micro SD memory cards. The size is perfect as well!

	
  I bought this hub to connect peripherals to a Macbook, which has no ports other than a single USB-C port.  I've now got it connecting my Macbook with an external monitor via HDMI, and an external keyboard and mouse via USB.  The small output cable is well-reinforced and sturdy.  And the port is compact and lightweight, good for travel

	
  Product works great, shipping took a long time

	
  Very useful, easy to travel with, and looks good! I recommend it.

	
  The gadget has been heaven sent at work and at home! Now I can use all my devices at the same time and it's compatible with my Mac Book at home and my pc at work.

	
  I am in love with this product! The quality is amazing and there are so many functions for the adapter. I purchased this for my new Macbook Pro model A2251 and it is working wonders. Since there is only USB-C on this Mac, this adapter has been super helpful with using HDMI and USB! Would definitely recommend this product, especially for new Mac users!

	
  It is a great hub. I like it; however, when I connect with monitor, it becomes warm.overall, love it.

	
  High quality product.Works excellent.Im satisfied.

	
  Great USB-C hub that works as described. I am using the hub for my work and can easily hooks this up to my MacBook Pro with breeze.

	
  Very light weight and has several plug ins making it a convenient tool. Good product for taking it to go as well.

	
  Great Product, highly recommended!!!

	
  Bought this to replace a different brand that overheated and had poor mouse function through the USB port.  Now it works well.

	
  Very nice and sleek, compact, and matches the color of my laptop. Very good choice for a USB-C hub.

	
  All the ports work well. Works seamlessly with my Macbook 16"..

	
  The quality is very good, the size is moderate, there is no compatibility problem, and the ordinary USB drive without drive 2.0 also has a great speed improvement. The performance is stable, and the problem of startup ratio does not occur. The appearance is novel and unique. A variety of stable lengths are available. Very satisfied with small objects

	
  Works great, compact size for how much it can accommodate.

	
  I used to have a hub adapter that must be flush connected to the side of the laptop. This is very inconvenient.But this USB-C hub has solved all my problems and saved me a ton in the process! The quality and appearance of the hub is incredible!

	
  I like it, now i can connect my phone to HDMI with TV. So awesome. 😁😁

	
  Comparing the one I have bought, Vava is good for connecting to a Macbook.With Vava, my Microsoft Arc mouse can move smoothly again.I like this small and light hub.I hope there is a golden color to match my MacBook Air:-) I would like to buy another one.

	
  With limited port access on my A1932 I had to buy this! Absolutely love the quality!

	
  I really like the size and quality. it was more than I was expecting. I highly recommended this product!

	
  This product did exactly what I needed it to first time.  Compact and  sturdy, and much less expensive than alternatives. Completely replaced a docking station only better because of USB-C receptacle. Would buy one again if I needed one.

	
  Product quality metal body, very quality sense and mike series is very matching, there will not be a strong sense of discrepancy and inconsistency.In terms of speed, the rules, beautiful is beautiful, in the heat dissipation place heat is very good, will not overheat.Cuboid with rounded corners.Very thin, very light, very portable.

	
  I looked for the hub long time. When I have this one that is easy for me. 7 in 1 very convenient to transfer documents, data and photos from the mobile disks to MacBook. I like it. The quality of material is good too.

	
  I recently bought a laptop and was dismayed thatthere weren't more USB ports. A friend said get ahub...which was a new idea to me. But I got on yoursite and lo and behold there it was. Totally solved myproblem. Just plugged it in to my lap top and nowl've got enough for charging my phone, syncing myFitbit etc. and it doesn't take up much room!

	
  I was changing my laptop those days and used QGeeM to transfer my files from my old to new laptop.

	
  Compact, sleek, and powerful. Does everything I need it to.  Cord was a bit inflexible at first, but it has become a bit more malleable with use.

	
  This product works better than I expected it to work. I use it for my MacBook Pro, and automatically fell in love with it. A very durable material, up to 3 Usb 3.0, HDMI, Sd&TF card reader slot. When I plug into my monitor displays a visually stunning picture. Can be used anywhere on the go. Tempted to buy another one for my friend. A must-have for day to day usage.

	
  I use this to plug in several peripherals into my phone, and it works like a charm! EXCELLENT buy!

	
  I waited a few months before writing this review.  I love it.  I've tried a few other hubs and this one is the slimmest and definitely does what I need it to.  Haven't had any issues with it and the fact that it is powered is definitely a plus.  I love that I can use the hub to charge my other devices without having to worry about my laptop being powered on.  Highly recommend.

	
  It’s a good product. It feels like it’s well built and sleek which is what I needed.

	
  This is my first USB-C hub but so far so good. The build quality is solid and matches my space grey Macbook air.  Has every port I need!

	
  Allows me to connect my phone/laptop to my TV, would recommend!

	
  good quality product

	
  Very good, there are several USB ports, 3.0, with a power supply port, you can connect 8 large storage devices, the speed transmission is really fast, it is worth recommending to notebook users, to solve the workers who have insufficient USB ports, It can be plugged into a mouse, keyboard, and U disk at the same time. It is really awesome, the color is beautiful, and the aluminum skin is matte.

	
  It’s really nice product ! And fast

	
  Great product. Highly recommended!https://www.amazon.com/dp/B084ZDPNTT/ref=cm_sw_r_em_apa_i_7sQ-EbCNHCWPC

	
  Worth the money. I ordered this and another USB c hub. This is effect for when I dont need my 15in1 . It works well, has a great build and very compact.

	
  It works well and it does what it was intended for

	
  Very useful item. I can use easily.

	
  The adapter works and has all the functionality I need! Would definitely recommend.

	
  This product has made my office a lot more efficient.There are only a few USB ports on a laptop.I always find the USB port inadequate.Now we have it.It's much more convenient.Read or transfer files smoothly.And easy to carry.My friend said it was a good deal.Ask me where I bought it.

	
  Delivered on time. Works great on my MacBook Pro 13 2020.

	
  This item is very well built with very good temperature management.

	
  Just received this Usb-C hub today. Im Very happy.It is very compact and easy to carry..Build quality is top notch.👌👌

	
  The packaging of this item was well put together. The usb-c was covered in a plastic to make sure no particles go inside. The packaging in itself seemed very high quality. The product worked the second it was plugged into my MacBook Pro. It responds accordingly to the commands and did not give me any issues. I recommend this product to anyone who wants more ports to use for their computer. Totally worth the buy.

	
  Love the product very portable and reliable have been using for over month

	
  Made in China

	
  I bought it so that I could plug the mouse and USB drive into the MacBook Pro. It's great, and it meets my purpose.

	
  Well made.

	
  Product is as good as advertised.

	
  It has all the non-usb-c ports you'll ever need!

	
  It works extremely well right out the box! Can use HDMI, USB, and power all at the same time on my mac. Does not get too hot .

	
  Great

	
  Great product, delivery was on time also.

	
  Functions well, nice sleek design.

	
  Overall great product! It’s perfect if you hate having to plug in multiple cables. This is an all in one item. And it’s compact!

	
  Great quality

	
  Seems great so far. Light and portable

	
  Great product, work with my Ipad Pro 11

	
  Perfect for my needs. Easy to setup and use.

	
  Particularly in this time of endless videoconferencing, this VAVA USB-C hub is a great asset. Owing to possibility to connect the laptop's power supply to this hub, rather than to the laptop, the hub allows me to keep charging my MacBook Pro while also supplying power and ports to power-hungry devices, including my external podcast microphone, an external HD WebCam, and an external digital tablet. This reduces overheating of my laptop, benefiting its lifetime, while the VAVA USB-C Hub remains amazingly cool. It also allows a better organization of all involved cables and keeps three of my four USB-C ports available. The device itself is highly functional. It could actually be called a "docking station" for a laptop as -- in addition to the 3 USB 3.0 ports, it also provides an HDMI outlet and card readers. For all this functionality, it is amazingly compact, mechanically stable, and looks great in it's "space gray" design.

	
  Was considering a different hub until i saw this 7 in 1. Bought this to help with our computer needs. Perfect for connecting our phones, camera, hard drive, bluetooth adapter, etc. The product itself looks durable but since i recently just got this, i can't say anything about longevity yet. This is our first multiple usb hub so i can't really compare it to other brands as well. The color looks professional and not cheap looking at all (for me anyway). The size is perfect for traveling and it's not heavy as well. Just wish it comes with a pouch or storage container to protect it from scratch and drop. Overall i'm happy about it, so far so good. Product as described.

	
  Great product, highly recommend!!!

	
  TheUSB C Hub is quick, clean, and efficient.

	
  I recently bought a MacBook and it was so frustrating to use it after so many years in windows. Simply wireless mouse wasn’t moving smoothly (jerking move). I plugged in this Vava usb hub and connected also my old noname usb hub together. So, my keyboard and mouse and monitor are all connected now. Mouse is working much better now. That is strange, but I like it works now. So far I tested all USB ports and HDMI and Power Delivery. Everything works good. My MacBook Air 2020 has two type C ports. Even though type C power delivery is functional I’m using separate charger. So, both ports would be used. In my scenario hub gets slightly warm and that’s it. Type c cable is made of thick and stiff material. And hub itself is made of aluminum. So, It looks like a high quality product.There was only one disadvantage with Amazon. I have no premium subscription and it took a while sending my item (shipped by Amazon). Taking into consideration that everyone is buying on Amazon I understand it and wasn’t mad about it.

	
  If you are like me and have 20 things plugged in to all of your computer Ports (I use both mac and windows PC, and extended monitors) , plugging in and unplugging all those cables could be very time consuming. This hub is a solution to that issue.Here is why i love this tiny hub.1. Size - very tiny but has more inputs than the comparable ones in Best Buy.2. Inexpensive - The comparable ones in retail stores sell for upward of 60 bucks.3. Portable - see #1.4. It has Inputs for both SD card and micro SD  card, which is a big plus. You can get rid of that micro SD adapter now.

	
  Great product, highly recommend!!!

	
  Compact footprint and lightweight, perfect to take on the go!

	
  Excellent product

	
  After testing a number of USB C adapters, this is by far my favorite one.. It's compact/sturdy design makes it perfect for use while traveling between offices and client sites. The only improvement I would make would be to add an ethernet port as I still have to carry a separate dongle around for that.Pros: compact, sturdy metal casing, multiple (3) USB 3.0 ports, and HDMI port

	
  I've been initially looking to by just simple one port adapter when this one came across my eyes, and I understood that this is exactly what I need - one HDMI and a few traditional USB (yep, I still have a lot of old school cables) and I decided why to buy 4 different pieces that will use all C-ports on my MacBook when I can have a single tiny stylish thing and it will also keep the rest 3 C-ports available, so that I decided to give it a try and I have no regrets.HDMI works just fine, USB ports work all right, and even charging time seems to be OK. I do recommend this HUB.

	
  It's been working great so far. As described, and very easy to carry around

	
  Very fast connection, very good transmission speed, very good hub

	
  So disappointed with the adapter: I usually connect an additional screen to my MacBook Air using the hdmi port of the adapter but the adapter overheats and even affects the performance of the mouse and keyboard also connected through usb in the adapter. I think the reviews are based on the coupons included in the box (20 usd) and Amazon should avoid this. A few months ago I bought a cheap adapter in AliExpress and works better, also overheats but doesn’t affect performance of mouse and keyboard, so I’m using it.This was my experience with MacBook Air 2019.Correction: This was a defective product but I had an excellent customer service to quickly replace the product. The replacement works very well and appreciate much the communication and personalized attention from the vendor until getting me satisfied.

	
  When I bought my 16 inch Macbook Pro, I need several hubs - for instance - one for work purposes, one for my home office screen, and one for my laptop bag - when I need travel around one.  Living the USB-C is still an adjustment for me, but this VAVA hub has come in handy a few times!  When I've traveled to a few photo-shots, I usually need quick accept for my SD cards and using a USB connection with my phone or digital camera. Transfer speeds using the VAVA hub has been quick and reliable.  Build quality is pretty good and the color matches my space gray laptop color. The VAVA USB-C hub is a pretty trustworthy hub to purchase!

	
  Ok good

	
  All Working order as expected

	
  I was trying to find a USB-C hub adaptor for my Macbook Pro that didn't require I spend tons of money. I was a bit skeptical about buying a non-Apple adaptor at first... but this is exactly what I was looking for and needed! Works great, is small so it's great for traveling and you can tell it's made from high-quality material. So far, so good and would 10/10 recommend!

	
  This is really handy and portable to connect multiple devices and has good inter-operability.

	
  Connections seem to be excellent.

	
  Fast delivery and a great device that works wonderful. I am satisfied!

	
  My CTO purchased the item and it is exactly what I need for the Dell Laptop as well as increased use of gear needed to improve my web conferencing image. Very well packaged, which supports the excellent product positioning. Working great right out of the box.

	
  This is a great product.I recommend it to anyone needing more USB ports along with HDMI and SD card reader.

	
  Delivered very fast and easy to use.And so lucky to get a free gift.

	
  It worked absolutely wonderful and I would order it again

	
  I  found this hub very helpful for all my additional usb plugs! Easy to use, lightweight, fairly priced.

	
  This USB hub works great with my MacBook Pro. Easy to carry and is made of good quality material.

	
  Used on our Mac and works great.

	
  It is small enough where it doesn't take up too much space on my desk

	
  Performs well. Like how it's made. Small size great for carrying with you. More versatile than more expensive products,.

	
  Very easy to install. The texture feels nice. Highly recommended!

	
  Works great for the HDMI purposes that I mainly use it for!

	
  This is a must if you have a Mac. Exactly what I needed. Works great!

	
  It feels very robust and solid. Happy to buy this VAVA Hub Adapter for my new Macbook Pro 15" 2019. Highly recommend it.

	
  Very helpful in minimizing adapters needed for MacBook. Highly recommend to anyone looking for a USB-c hub

	
  Great product, perfect for my moms computer. Will definitely recommend!!!

	
  Excellent build quality and the color matches the space grey macbook.

	
  After going through a lot of trails , finally got the best of the lot.! Excellent device .!

	
  Build quality is great. All port works very well. Easy to carry.

	
  Just plug and play.. no setup needed.Working great with my iPad Pro

	
  It's very small, easy to carry, and powerful. It can let my computer have more expansion sockets. I tried, and each socket can be used normally.

	
  This product was exactly as described and works well. Would definitely buy again if needed.

	
  This adapter is great, it works really well with my MacBook Air.

	
  Loved the sleekness/modern look. Works really well, couldn’t be happier!

	
  I bought this usbchub for my MacBook. It's great to have extra ports. I use it now to record music. Without it, my MacBook will never be usable.

	
  I mainly use this hub to connect my MacBook Pro to an external monitor. It works very well.

	
  Handy little device that met all my needs for my new MacBook Pro

	
  really good adapter, works great with my apple computer, would definitely recommend this product for someone looking to buy an USB-C hub adapter

	
  Excellent travel hub at a great price.

	
  From day one, it's a great product and worth a try

	
  The hub shell is made of metal. It looks good quality. There are many interfaces. The USB interface and mobile phone are very smooth and easy to use.

	
  So far it works great and is very compact and efficiently manages everything

	
  The function is very powerful and can be used in all places you need, no bad contact! highly recommended!

	
  Perfect for traveling fits right in my tech pouch. Pretty decent transfer speeds to my IPad Pro 2018 too.

	
  This product allows me to use my keyboard, mouse, and monitor on my iPad while still being able to charge it. It works very well and has an excellent build quality!

	
  It works great, I've had it for a month now and have had no problem with it.

	
  Great product. Lightweight and doesn't take up much desk space.

	
  Great quality USB hub. It works just as it says. No issues. I love that it has 3 USB 3.0 ports.

	
  Great product, and really highly recommend!!! Won't be over-heat even I use it for a whole day. And small size but very delicacy, I really like it!!!

	
  This adapter is my favorite amazon purchase ever. It’s super light-weight and the quality is just immaculate for the price! 10/10 would recommend to everybody

	
  Good quality ...Good product

	
  It can easily transfer her large number of project files/PSD files from her laptop to our server. There is no complaint overall, it works as expected.

	
  Great product, highly recommend!!!

	
  Very portable, sturdy tough quality. Easily detected by the laptop. USB hub has all the useful components required for a modern day office, productivity work.

	
  This product is amazing for the price and provides every feature you neeed !

	
  works right out of the box, I just connected to my ss phone with logitech wireless mouse thru usb receiver and it works perfectly. like plug and play.

	
  Very portable and good quality. Highly recommend!

	
  It's very powerful. It can use multiple devices at the same time. I tried every function and it can be used normally. It's great.

	
  The usb-c hub connector is one of the best product from viva. The data transfer is fast and I can always use my usb port on my computer to connect to my other devices.

	
  Hub worked as advertised.  The HDMI video looked great.  If I needed to buy another hub, I would definitely buy this one.

	
  I'm using this connector continuously from past 2 weeks for my MacBook Pro. This has made my life easy. Now, I can charge my laptop and use mouse at the same time.

	
  Perfect adapter for new MacBook Pro! Matches nicely with the space gray model. Nice, small, portable, perfect usb-c !!!

	
  The product is very portable and comes in a great dark grey color. I have a MBP with only USB C ports & I have been using this to connect my mouse and SD card. The product has worked great so far.

	
  I really needed something like this for my laptop. Very useful when you have a lot of things to connect at the same time.

	
  i bought this for my friend and he said it is easy to use and with perfect performance.his laptop do not have many usb so he need this

	
  convenient for converting unused usb-c ports into multiple usb 3 ports.  My only complaint is that the wire that connects the hub is too short.

	
  Bought this for my wife as she purchased a new MacBook Pro with only USB-C ports.  She needed to connect USB-A devices for her music studio.  Everything connected worked perfectly.  Totally recommend.

	
  As a professor at a university, I need an efficient and versatile attachment for my computer that accommodates technology in our classrooms. This HUB meets my needs! Thanks so much!

	
  Fantastic product, highly recommended!! - compact size but plenty of ports, display, charging, ubs, just like a mini hub.

	
  I bought a new MacBook Air computer and without this adapter, I could not connect anything. Now I received the adapter and I am happy.

	
  The product is compact and well constructed and has an aluminum shell rather than a plastic one. I haven't used the HDMI port yet, but I've used all the other ports and they're working.

	
  It works great for connecting my macbook to my monitor and peripherals! It's sleek and a small form factor so very portable. Also stays pretty cool during use. Definitely recommend!

	
  This hub includes many USB ports that are sufficient for me to use daily. Also, I can charge my laptop via this hub at the same time. That is an impressive feature.

	
  Nice build quality, Every connection on adapter works. A lot of utility packed into one item.

	
  It has many functions and can be used normally. I am very satisfied with the price. The price of the product with the same function is much more expensive than it. I chose it correctly.

	
  I love this product! im able to plug in my SD and mini drives as well. I take it with me when I travel for my business as it is very lightweight. Great product-definitely recommend.

	
  I have a 32" 4K monitor and was looking for a USBC connector to connect to my Mac. This is a great product. Haven't had any complaints.

	
  I was surprised when I saw and touched it the first time since it’s very lightweight and small. Very good for travel!!!!

	
  I bought this for my MacBook Air because of the lack of ports it has and so far I love it. It’s really easy to use and I haven’t experienced any issues with it all. Overall a really great usb hub and I highly recommend it.

	
  Finally find their favorite, black is very tall, special with computer, value for money, just the length of the desk, you can extend the USB interface out very convenient

	
  Works great, looks great - I hope it lasts long because I will need this on the road!The build quality is amazing and it works flawlessly.

	
  Great product!! Extremely high quality!!  Super easy to use. Absolutely love it!!

	
  This product works 100% on My Macbook Touch BarI attach my microphone camera and charger and works with no problemsSurprise with fast shippingVery pleased with the product and the Seller

	
  I bought a Chromebook with no HDMI or any other real outputs. This hub has worked perfectly and does everything I need it to do. If I ever needed a second for whatever reason, I would purchase again.

	
  Great little hub. Well built, stylish, and works well.

	
  The USB hub is very affordable and works well with my MacBook Pro.  I am very satisfied with this purchase.

	
  Great USB hub! It's simple, easy, and very useful.This has all of the ports I need and then some. I highly recommend this one to anyone who is interested in a hub.

	
  I use it everyday for connecting external hard drives, usb and to connect to my tv via hdmi. It’s been reliable and has a sold build I’ll recommended it to anyone e considering buying.

	
  The product makes no noise, does not heat up, and works perfectly. 100% would recommend- exactly as advertised.

	
  After some days using it, I can tell that it works very well. I can use it in Macbook without any problem.Finally, I can use my hard drive in my Macbook.Thanks to VAVA USB C.

	
  This hub works great for HDMI output, SD and micro SD reading, and USB-A reading. I love it. It's a perfect accessory for my MacBook Pro and looks great next to the Space Gray MacBook. Everything you need and want. (and pretty cheap)

	
  So far, I have not encountered any problems and I use it at work every day. This setting is much more effective than trying to work on a laptop, so I'm glad I bought it.

	
  This USB-C Adapter is a must have accessory if you own the latest models of a MacBook Pro or MacBook Air, very nice clean look and design and works perfect, couldn't ask for a better product! :)

	
  With this hub, my desktop has become much cleaner. It is basically equipped with the required sockets, and the number of sockets is sufficient. It does not generate heat when used, which is quite safe

	
  I really like its color, it is very cool, and it also meets my needs, helping my mobile phone to achieve many new features.

	
  Unbelievable, so which genius invented this product? I can connect my mobile phone with various U disks or devices

	
  My daughter's Macbook Pro has a nice slim profile, but lacks a lot of ports.  This dongle is an essential add-on.  Works great, and looks good, too - like it belongs with the Mac. Plug and play.

	
  I am really excited about mu USB C-Hub. This is exactly what I needed. It's compact and allows me to access everything in one spot. It's a must buy.

	
  My son has been saying that I need this product since I had a new phone. I didn’t know its function at first, but still, I bought it and gave it to my son. Now I know that it is so versatile, really Is too necessary

	
  We have a new MacBook Pro that requires a USB C hub to connect zip drives, memory cards and other USB enabled devices. This product is very easy to use, easy to put in your pocket, very good.

	
  Very sturdy yet sleek product! My laptop only has one USB-C port and this was a total lifesaver. Highly recommend!

	
  This is a spiffy little device. Turns into a rapid charger when connected to my phone. Purchased for a laptop to add some USB slots. Girlfriend wants to steal it bc it allows her pixel to have wired headphones.

	
  It gets the job done. I used it for my new 10th gen MacBook to spit screen for my monitor. Great Buy for me.

	
  Very satisfied with the quality and the workmanship. There is no heating, fast and stable transmission speed, very high-end appearance, solved the problem of computer interface is not enough.

	
  This hub is the best hub I have used to date.  All the ports work well and the transfer speeds are great.  Having 3 USB ports is really helpful.  The build quality is nice, and I like the feel a lot.

	
  I have a Macbook pro. Having the hub expand my port and my work space become much practical. Love it.

	
  Its what i needed for my work

	
  I needed a USB-C hub for my new MacBook Air, because it only comes with 2 USB-C ports. I chose this one because it was small and well-reviewed. Works perfectly! It offers all the ports I need without taking up much space.

	
  Great USB-C Hub. Able to use my camera SD card, charge my laptop and use the HDMI cable to display my laptop on externa display. I had bought the Apple HUB which only allows me to do 1 USB and 1 HDMI. This has 7 Functionalities for half the price. Great product and price.

	
  A nice compact item to expand the use of my Mac! Love that it has a place for photo cards!

	
  Used the VAVA hub to replace apple’s usb-c to digital av. The VAVA is much more affordable, better quality, and has better ports. Definitely would recommend.

	
  Working from home due to the virus and this has allowed me to connect my Mac to a monitor for a dual screen option. Works like a charm and I have no reservations with recommending this product.

	
  This is a perfect work! I thought I didn't need the HDMI port, but I hardly knew covid-19 was coming! I use the HDMI port for streaming church every Sunday. I use it with several things that I insert at the same time, and it always works.

	
  Exactly what I needed to connect my computer to Ethernet so I can maximize my high speed connection since my laptop does not have an Ethernet port.

	
  This adapter is amazing! It checks all the boxes for everything I need. The design is sleek and modern. It matches my space gray MacBook Pro. It performs well, and everything works properly. I 10/10 recommend.

	
  Love this little doodad. It’s very small and compact so it fits easily in my laptop case, and is very high speed. Works like a charm, and the materials seem quite high quality.

	
  This works great and matches the color of my space gray macbook pro 16 inch perfectly. The build quality is strong and looks just as sleek as my macbook. Very happy and highly recommended!

	
  love the size and power easy to use

	
  Quality material. Pass through charging on usbc, (does not power the usb3 alone/without computer). Really nice connectors.

	
  Its material is the same as my MacBook Air, the power cord and port structure are very good, and there are solid products around. As for performance, it works as described. I highly recommend buying.

	
  I love it, but the cord that connects to the computer is really short.

	
  It's a good USB c hub under this price range. It has a great connectivity so far with my Lenovo yoga 3i. All of the ports work fine and also there is no lag in performance. It is so light in weight that it even goes in my pocket.

	
  This adapter doesn't become hot-to-touch like others I've tried with a MacBook Pro 2018. Works very smoothly with my external hard drive and SD cards. Nice size as well, doesn’t take up too much space. Great purchase.

	
  This is a very useful product as earlier I had to connect so many things to my laptop but now it's just one port. It makes switching desks or removing the laptop/connecting it back very easy!

	
  I used this product to have more USB ports and to hook up an extra monitor because I have a Mac. It is small and has nice design, not bulky. Nice travel size. I have had it for month and I am very satisfied with it. Good for price.

	
  Makes life easier. Allows me to connect to my desktop monitors and external hard drive. Very sleek and easy to use. I highly recommend.

	
  Having just bought a MacBook Air 2020, I knew I was going to need a hub of some kind for my SD card, and I'm so glad I went with this one!  It is so easy to use, and words wonderfully.  Great product at a great price!

	
  Just ordered this and its perfect! Totally gets the job done and I love the fact it includes a USB-C port so that I can plug in my wireless charger to charge my other devices. I just wish they made it in Pink! lol

	
  I ordered this adapter for my mac book air and it's perfect. I can finally have a double screen and a mouse and have a functional work from home set up!

	
  Very good build quality. I usually don’t like it when companies put their logo everywhere but this logo looks very clean. Definitely recommend it to other people and I will probably buy another to keep one with my laptop and one around the house.

	
  I got this usb-c hub for my Lenovo laptop so I could plug in a second monitor. I am extremely satisfied with this product because it allows me to plug in my keyboard, mouse and monitor easily. It also does not take up a lot of space on my desk which is a plus.

	
  Works great. Small enough to fit your travel gear. I bought this for the USB3 ports but the HMI and the micro SD are nice additions. Clean design. Very happy with it so far.

	
  It’s small and compact. I was looking for an item that would give me more usb connections and ended finding this gem.  It will come in handy if I ever need to use a triple monitor setup because it has an HDMI port built in. I’m excited to use this when I travel.

	
  This is a very good USB hub. It works well with my Mac laptop and desktop. Small body, strong strength. I really like 4K USB C to HDMI. This makes my work easy. This is what I want to buy. It's done very well. Worth the price! Highly recommended.

	
  Solid design compact and looks great.

	
  This product is awesome for new MacBooks which don't come with standard USB and other ports. This was a great priced product for all that you get.

	
  I looked through many USB-C hubs on Amazon being settling on this one, and I'm glad I did. It has all the mentioned ports, but one thing that stood out to me was the build quality - it feels very solid and premium in the hand, and for this good of a price you can't go wrong.

	
  The USB-C hub came on time and did not disappoint. Allows for smooth backup of photos and data- backed up 3,000 photos with no problem. The wide variety of ports is sure to come in handy in the future.

	
  The quality of things is very good, and it is very convenient to use. It solves the problem of serious shortage of computer interface very well, and it is very small, light, convenient to receive data and output are very stable.

	
  The hub is build in a good material and the functionality is awesome. I used like a principal hub for my workstation and is excellent. Also, I hack the functions for connect more than a one extra monitor and help a lot. Personally, I recommend this hub and maybe I buy another one for leave in my backpack

	
  This hub is small enough that it's easy enough to throw into a bag and take with you real easily.It's constructed in good quality material. 4k streaming is reliable, consistent and clear.

	
  I decided to choose this hub because it has the ports required for an affordable dual display. I can connect a keyboard, mouse, headset and two monitors. So far, I have not encountered any problems, and I use it at work every day.

	
  works great, comes in handy when traveling.

	
  In terms of functionality it works great but what surprised me is how much cheaper it was than other brands.

	
  I am glad I choose this hootoo hub, I really like how compact and light weight it is, it is just perfect to have on the go which is very important for me. I highly recommend this product.

	
  I am very satisfied with this product. I ordered this after a more expensive version wasnt delivered and i am so glad i ordered this instead.  Smaller than i thought it would be but worth the money!  Thank for making this product!

	
  Hey, my friend, this thing is really very convenient, one can handle such a large pile, and its load beyond my imagination, I thought it would be relatively slow, after all, it is comprehensive, who knows this is greatly beyond my expectation.

	
  Plug and play, rest assured, suitable for me this kind of do not like brain, the most annoying that kind of complex operation, this is convenient and fast

	
  This hub is perfect!! I love it! It works great with the case in my iPad Pro 12.9 and my MacBook Pro!! I can only imagine what else I can use it for! The hdmi output is great!

	
  I needed an adapter for my Mac Book Air, so I could print.  I found this on Amazon and really love it.  It has worked great and the size is compact, so it fits well in my computer case.  I'd recommend this product.

	
  From basic use (3 days), has worked great - started Dex and worked fine without any lag etc to connect to monitor, mouse, keyboard.Have not used extensively to know about heating etc... will update review if anything changes

	
  FOr the price, it's the best option out. I did my research before buying this one and I am glad I did. The quality is great and allows me to have regular USB connections on my Mac instead of just the 4 USB-Cs.I did a couple of hours of research prior to buying it and I am gad I did!

	
  This hub is small yet full of ports. I am using it for my MacBook Pro and it works like a charm. It allows for your Mac to charge, display to an external display and connect all of the other USB ports. It has the exact functionality that I was looking for.

	
  This product well exceeded my expectations in aspects of design, transfer speeds & overall quality. Can run pretty warm but that’s understandable, and to be fair it does come with a warning sticker on it stating that it happens. Overall great product, would recommend 10/10

	
  Just got a new 2019 Macbook that only have Thunderbolt outlets. This is exactly what I needed to access all my other equipment and not have to buy a bunch of other adapters. Extra monitor, mouse, charger cords, etc. work perfect on this adapter!

	
  Looks good, the color matches my MacBook, and it has the right number of ports!

	
  Your new Macbook air or pro is missing a bunch of legacy ports, this hub will give you those ports!works great, no issues with the HDMI out and power input through one cable. looks good as well

	
  I have been using this with my MacBook Air initially I was hesitant since I didn't know this brand. Works awesome. I am all day on the computer (12-14hours days) . I have been using this device for the past month without any problems. I highly recommend it.

	
  Read many reviews before finally choosing this hub and very happy with the result. Good building quality with small size best for traveling. Improvement I would like to see are: more colors, smooth port edge on the case and slimier USB-C housing.

	
  The docking station is very good, excellent work, rich interface, perfect fit my notebook, after using the feeling is also good.Some of the mouth has not tried, but tried a few are good, the workmanship is very delicate and beautiful, especially the shell feel very atmospheric.Quite satisfied.

	
  The adapter works perfectly, without a glitch, I am a power user and have connected a lot of cables to it, it works well. Moreover, the 2 memory card slots give me flexibility. The build and finish quality is elegant and blends well with Mac. I highly recommend it.

	
  Great product, highly recommend!!!

	
  Highly recommended if you have a USB-C charging port. This is like a mini-docking station. Excellent build quality, has most ports one needs except for Ethernet, which I personally do not need. Plug and play, pass-through charging, super compact.

	
  It is perfect! I have a MacBook and this adapter fits perfect for me. It has all the kinds that you need: hdmi, usb, charger... And the size it’s perfect. Super slim and easy to fit in my computer bag. Love it.

	
  I bought this knowing that I had limited space in my travel backpack and that I needed something reliable. It definitely feels like something that Apple developed without that high price tag. Very satisfied with my purchase :)

	
  Bought this USB-C Hub to use with my 2020 MacBook Pro. It's sleek, color closely matches the slate color of the MacBook Pro, small that it easily slips into the packet of my bag, and has all the connections that I need. Definitely recommend.

	
  Nice material and design, great functionality with my ipad pro!

	
  I love this product. I got it for my wife because the one we had before was too bulky and yet the cord was too short. This product has every port she needs to maximize productivity. It's the perfect size and lightweight.

	
  Much sturdier than I expected! Ports work well, no wiggling in the connections. Considering competing options do less (no SD or hdmi slots, etc) and sell for WAY more, this is an excellent choice to have on hand!

	
  Perfect addition for Mac accessories it matches the space gray macs perfectly and is super lightweight and portable the USB’s work like a charm allowing me to finallyyy connect my wired accessories to my Mac I highly recommend this usb hub as it is very well priced and serves its purpose you can easily connect your Mac to a monitor now highly recommend I will buy again for other accessories

	
  This usb hub has been so helpful with working from home suddenly and needing to have multiple items plugged in. I would definitely recommend this product.

	
  Absolutely love it! Enables me to use all of my accessories despite my macs limited inputs. Also found my SSD drive Read/Write times increase versus direct plugin

	
  Love this. When I’m working on graphic design, and need to make sure my tablet, pen, mouse, and a jump drive are all plugged in while still giving me room to charge... this does the trick! Would highly recommend.

	
  This is small, lightweight, and fits the bill perfectly. Charges just as quickly as it would if it were directly connected.The reasoning behind going for the USB-C style hub was due to getting a new work computer that only has one USB port in it and it's a USB-C, so my plan was to keep it in my work bag since I bring it home every day, so I could use it at home if needed.

	
  I recently bought this product for my wife, and I couldn't be happier because it feels robust, but at the same time, it feels lightweight. I love that the color matches her space grey MBP and her set up.  I haven't tested for speeds, but everything seems to function well at reasonable rates. I am happy with my purchase.

	
  Small, lightweight, exactly what I needed!

	
  It is a very nice USB hub. Works well with my MAC laptop and desktop. It is a 6-in-1 adapter. Small body with strong power. I really like the 4K USB C to HDMI. It made my work so easily. It is what I want to buy. It did the job very well. Worth the price! Highly recommended to everyone.

	
  It's very well built and sturdy; the metal exterior looks very clean and does not look gaudy. The connections are speedy and efficient as promised and after a test with 2 USB cables, the charging thunderbolt cable, and a micro SD cable, there were seemingly no effects on the speed at which they transferred data. overall versatile and useful; would recommend.

	
  The hub is small and beautiful in appearance, does not occupy too much desktop space, has good texture and comfortable feel. The multi port design perfectly solves the problem of few computer interfaces, which is very convenient. All interfaces are used, and will not jam. The reaction speed and transmission speed are very fast, and the quality is really good.

	
  Affordable price and you get a good quality product. It has lots of USB ports and they are working fine.

	
  I have a new MacBook Air with USB C.  I can now connect it with all my USB devices.  It works beautifully well.  It is also very light weight to take with you.  I am glad I picked this one after reading all the reviews.

	
  The performance is stable, there is no problem with transmission, the performance is stable, there is no delay in connecting the keyboard and mouse, and there is no disconnection in the connection, which is very convenient to use. Compatibility is no problem, I tried several laptops and it was okay. It is very practical and convenient. I travel a lot and take it with me. Things are very good,

	
  Being a Macbook Pro End-User, I am often faced with difficulty for accessing physical devices like USB devices, or Memory Card Reader or connecting to an external display device for my work activities. Receive the product in time as promised by Amazon Prime Delivery.

	
  I used this to add a 3rd screen to my laptop, and it works great!

	
  its a great product.  Overall rating 5*

	
  I typically don't go out of my way to write reviews, but this product turned out to be perfect for me.  After buying my first MacBook Pro, I was pretty surprised that I couldn't charge my phone or hook up a wired keyboard.  I scoured the internet looking for the best-reviewed and most reliable usb c hubs to buy.  VAVA tended to always be on everyone's top list.  I went with this product and haven't looked back.

	
  The material and feel are the most satisfying. It's very convenient to use with IMAC. The most important thing is that this model has a power supply interface. In the future, if you need power to drive the equipment, you should be prepared. USB recognition is fast and completely consistent with the experience of plug-in

	
  I really like this USB C Hub! It has been so helpful and handy to use on my MacBook Air computer, which doesn’t come with more than one port. It’s well-built and good quality.

	
  As far as I know so far after using the product for a few days, the description of the product seems to be very accurate. Make sure to carefully check the specific types of ports required for specific settings to avoid any accidents. I decided to take the time to review similar products and scan positive and negative reviews before deciding to buy this product. So far, this is great!

	
  This made the experience of my Mac ten times better. I can finally have multiple USB ports connected at once and not worry about what I have plugged in. This adapter is perfect for traveling, I always make sure to keep one with me. The attention to detail on the product really proves the durability and longevity of the adapter.

	
  Nice material and works as expected. Looks stylish and expensive too.

	
  it's very compact with many connections. I connect it to my dell's labtop port c, no problem. it's super fast to open my files in my USB. Definitely worth the money to buy it.

	
  Seems to be a small lag with USB devices, but the great customer service helped me fix my problem!

	
  Small, lightweight and perfect for travel. Replaces a lot of the dongles I used to use. Has pass though charging, can connect my monitor, have access to several legacy USB ports and SD card reader all from a single port. Overall a good value for your money.

	
  Nice unit.  Does what it's supposed to do.  I like it having 100w capability.  Have not had any issues.  Worked so well now I have two.

	
  Very pleased with this adapter. I keep losing my more expensive Apple adapter, so upgrading to this hub will definitely pay off, and already has. I'm able to handle multiple USB inputs and outputs as well as charge and transmit video seamlessly. I tried another hub that didn't support the multiple USB inputs and outputs I was trying to run. Thanks VAVA!

	
  It's more of a "space gray" color than a bright aluminum,It's a great usb-c hub, you can use many different USB devices,USB C hub is slim and compact without any compromise on accessibility. For sure, you can ditch the extra cable adapters, consolidate them with this hub. You’ll not regret it.

	
  The hub has just arrived and I liked how it was well wrapped. It works perfectly right out of the box! No setup or driver was needed. The very first thing I liked about this product is this hub come with a HDMI port and an Ethernet, I can let my dell laptop become a desktop. Additionally, it comes with 3 USB  ports which are useful to eliminate clutter near my computer.

	
  Everyone using a USB-C device needs this product. It works as promoted and reasonably priced. I was quite surprised how compact it is for many functions. It came in very fast. Highly recommended.

	
  So I have a MacBook Air and as you know the ports and peripheral use out of the box is very limited. Well this VAVA USB-C hub look great and has all the features you need! And it works as advertised!Summary-Compact-Solid build quality-Joint reinforced thick USB-C cable

	
  Bought this adapter for my MacBook Pro and I utilize it by connecting it to a separate monitor. I found another use for it as well, I connect it to my iPad and to my TV and I am able to stream whatever I'd like. It is very clean looking and small which is what I was looking for since space is crucial to me. In all honesty, it exactly what I needed and I didn't need to look further. Thanks!

	
  Apple's decision to eliminate ports for standard drives and connectors on the latest MacBook is maddening, and their dongle only adds a USB and single HDMI. VAVA's USB-C Hub is a perfect simple solution and robust solution that feels like a quality piece of equipment at a more than reasonable price. It gives me exactly what I need without anything extra and not leaving me wanting for more. Very nice product.

	
  I was looking for the smallest USB hub I could find for my MBP that wouldn't break the bank and this one caught my eye because of the good number of ports it offers. It connects my laptop to my 4k monitor with no issues and I appreciate having all the USB and SD card slots together. It also slips nicely into my backpack because of its small form factor. It gets a little warm when I have everything plugged in during work but it says so on a sticker attached to the hub. Definitely recommend.

	
  I thought it would have a somewhat cheap feel to it, but it feels great and sturdy! So far, I have not had any trouble with this item. I have regularly used all the ports daily and they have all worked flawlessly. Would easily recommend this to anyone looking for a great Quality USB-C Hub for a MAC or any USB-C centered electronic.

	
  Works perfectly as expected, can charge, have it connected via HDMI and have my usb drives all connected at once without any issues. A must have for minimal port laptops.

	
  The product arrived super fast. I loved the look and feel of this product, It does not feel flimsy.  I Gott mine in dark grey. It is compact and just the right  size.  I lost my old Hub and needed a new one. This one has all the ports I needed and was a great priceI liked the size/compactness of the product. Connected my jump drive super fast with no issues. However, I  have only had the product for less than a week and so far so good.

	
  Just what I needed! I was a little skeptical on this product at first.. because I tried another brand but it didn’t work as intended! But for this one as soon as I popped it into my MacBook Pro I didn’t have to update or upload any software for this to work. It quickly found the item and allowed me to browse around. Thank you

	
  I really like the functionality of this adapter. I can operate multiple computer monitors simultaneously and charge my cellphone. Pretty good if you ask me! I have not had any problems with port malfunctions and the build quality seems pretty good, so far.

	
  I have a couple of these USB-C hubs for my laptop and this one is my favorite. Its light weight but it has a premium feeling finish. USB-C power in works great, as does the HDMI out. No complaints on this one.

	
  A great product for the price. I got one for my office and one for home!

	
  Works really well with my MacBook Air 2019. I was looking for a usb HUB for some time. this hub worth its money. I like the idea that it has HDMI port and SD card in it.

	
  I love my USB-C Hub. Feels high quality but very affordable. It's just the right size to fit on my desk or be mobile when I travel. I definitely suggest this for purchase.

	
  Just recieved yesterday and honestly didn't realized how much I needed this until I got it, very light weight and compact. Does everything I expected and more. Great hub for the price!

	
  Bought this hub, works great with my Macbook Pro and Surface Book 2, Use it with a Mouse/keyboard/FHD monitor and another USB device with no issues. So far, definitely worth it.

	
  I'm very happy with this product. I bought it to use it with my external monitor via HDMI cable. The HDMI port is 4K compatible and the video quality in the external monitor is way better than a normal HDMI cable. What makes it apart from its competitor is that it has a USB-C port that can be used to charge your MacBook from the adapter itself. It is also convenient for me to fast charge my phone since I use USB-C to lightning cable to charge my phone.

	
  It works simply great with my MacBook pro. Since my mac has very few ports and working in the IT industry, I need to connect to an additional screen. This USB c hub is awesome. I can simply connect my screen, my security key, wireless mouse and also charge my phone. All at the same time. Isn't it interesting?It is very compact and does not heat at all even after connecting so many devices. The product's build is of best quality. I am very happy to have this.

	
  I ordered this for my MacBook Pro since it doesn’t allow me to connect my phone. Now with this,I’m able to charge it and sync my things! very handy for the newer MacBook models (not sure if they all don’t come with a USB port, my last model was a 2011 so yeah haha). Very portable to bring along with you whether you’re traveling, a long car ride, or simply at home and wanting your phone next to you charging.

	
  Connect all your cables and power supply to one USB-C connector.Simple and automatic.The screen was previously plugged into the laptop and when through the adapter, there is a slight misalignment.This can be corrected by recalibrating the screen.

	
  Works well with my Samsung Note 9. Now I can yse my phone almost like a laptop by adding mouse, key board and a big monitor. Nothing yo complain about its plug and play.

	
  I received my hub one week ago. I keep a Logitech wireless mouse receiver plugged into it. I have used it with two different android phones to copy photos to my Lenovo Ideapad Flex 14, it worked perfect and fast. I have plugged in a Wacom drawing tablet and it is working great also. I have not noticed any unusual behavior or speed difference with the devices I use it for.

	
  This usb-c hub is a great product! If you’re like me and you hate that your laptop only has usb-c connections this product is a must. It has 3slots for usb connection,  1 hdmi port, an sd card slot and a micro sd slot. And it also has a usb-c slot that you can plug your computers power supply into to charge your computer at the same time. It is very useful if you need to download stuff from multiple sources, to connect a wireless mouse, or whatever else. I would highly recommend this product!

	
  I was looking for an USB hub to use with my MacBook and I was very happy I gave this one a chance. The best features about this product are the size (see picture!!) and how practical it is. I love how easy it is to carry around with my laptop and charger, as it barely takes any room. And it’s so practical as I don’t have to keep plugging and unplugging adapters and cords while I’m working and studying.

	
  I ordered this USB C Hub for my recently purchased MacBook Pro. The build quality of this product is perfect and has a professional look. It was well packaged and delivered safely. It doesn't feel cheap product at all. It even fits in my pocket so i can take it anywhere with me. There are enough number of ports for my daily use.  Speed test was satisfactory. I am happy with this product purchase.

	
  I have been using this VAVA 7-in-1 USB-C Hub for over 2 months now since May and I am very pleased.  It is well designed in small form factor and all 7 ports are functioning as expected.  Now, I can connect my Dell laptop using just the USB-C port for all my peripherals, i.e. usb mouse, usb headphone, usb-c charging, and an external monitor.

	
  Love that's it's an all in one tool for pretty much everything you need as a usb-c user. I have to transfer photos a lot from a micro SD, so that's my favorite part about this. I don't have to have different converters and can just bring this one on our trips!

	
  After only having this product for a short time is has worked great! I needed it to attach my external hard drive and transfer data over to my new laptop. The speed of transfer did not lack or slow down to my knowledge of previously transferring data without a hub. I love that it has 3 USB ports for my external drive and for charing my phone. Super portable for travel, the nice grey color of the hub matches perfectly with my space grey laptop, and the metal of the outside of the hub looks and feels like it will withstand for quite some time before needing replace, if it will ever need that.  Would recommend it to others who are in need an adapter hub. 

	
  Very convenient and helpful while working from home . I am able to charge my other devices while still being able to do my work on the computer . The usb is an extra plus

	
  Works well for my Mac, every slot works and its functional.  I like products that are simple but work and make life easier.  I've used it for my monitor as well as for GoPro memory cards and both work well.  Also used the USB for a headset and that worked.  Good product overall.

	
  My wife and I just purchased the new iPad Pro's and as great as they are, they are missing key features in order for it to replace our laptops.  That's where this little USB-C adapter comes into place.  Not only can you hook up an HDMI cable to it, but you can also upload photos from your SD/Micro SD cards.  There are also a few USB 3.0 ports for charging.  For the price and size, I'm blown away.  There is no surprise why it gets such good reviews.  Like I said, this is a must-have for your devices, but especially for an iPad Pro.  Bye bye laptop!

	
  bought this for iPad pro, the compatibility is awesome. I can plug in a mouse, keyboard, and have it connected to a monitor at the same time. overall great product.

	
  Working from home essentials! I used it in my home office to connect mouse, monitors and USB to my laptop. The quality of the adapter is really good with the price comparing to other brands. I got a little night light from VAVA earlier and it worked great too.  I'm really happy with VAVA electronic products.

	
  I bought this multifunctional converter because it's much cheaper than its competitors. It's well structured and lightweight, and I can easily put it in my laptop bag, which is absolutely what I want. This is a beautiful appearance and good aluminum alloy shell. It looks strong. This adapter can mirror my iPad pro to an external display with a trackball, and it can also be powered by a through power supply.

	
  This is a very nice USB hub.  Works great, easy to setup and looks very stylish.  I had no problems connecting it to my laptop, and all devices connected to the hub worked as they should.  Definitely worth the cost and very happy with my purchase.

	
  The sleek design of this hub is what initially captured my attention, and the number of ports this adapter provides is what sold me on purchasing it, and after receiving it, and using it, I am overwhelmingly pleased with my purchase. it matches the color of my space grey Macbook Air perfectly, and the build quality is outstanding! the fact that it provides three USB-A 3.0 ports, HDMI, SD, MicroSD, and a USB-C port for pass through charging, for such a competitive price is amazing! i highly recommend this dongle over any others on the market, and especially over Apple’s own overpriced adapters!

	
  Such a great invention. My new Mac doesn’t have any other ports than 2 c ports and I don’t own anything c port except for the charger. This device come with everything you need, all kinds of sd cards readers 3 USB ports and and HDMI port so you can connect your computer to your big screen!!

	
  I purchased this hub so that I was able to plug in my audio interface and midi keyboard through the USB ports and connect it to my Microsoft Go. Everything worked great. I had no lag on my guitar through the audio interface and no lag with the midi keyboard. The HDMI portion of the hub worked great. Overall it’s a great hub for the price. I will definitely purchase from Vava again.

	
  I've only been using this adapter for a few days, but so far it's been working quite well!  It's got an aluminum casing, so it looks great and feels very sturdy - it's a bit heaver than I expected, but certainly still extremely portable and pocket-sized.  It feels like it will hold up much better than the plastic name-brand adapter it's replacing, plus it has more ports!  I haven't tried the HDMI or card readers yet, but I've had no problems at all with the USB ports.  I appreciate that it has 3 USB 3.0 ports, so I can plug in a mouse and external storage drives at the same time.  The adapter didn't require any setup at all, which was very nice.  All in all, I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of this adapter, and for the price, it seems like it was a great deal.

	
  This works extremely well with my MacBook Pro! I've been looking for something like this because I needed something to read my SD card(s) to write payloads for my class. It's been of tremendous use for me and I use it almost everyday. I have no issues using this.. It's a high quality USB hub. You could even use it as a display adapter between your Mac and TV if you wanted, which is cool. I'm glad this doesn't take up more than 1 port, so I can use the other ports for other things too

	
  Recently I bought a new laptop which has just one USB place , so I felt, I need something that gives me more flexibility to use another hard , which this one has all of the requirements that I was looking for even has more different places on the other side of that, and I am really satisfied with my porches! Also I personally like the external smooth design and color which is match to my laptop, So I liked it!!!

	
  I really like this product and the price is great! I will be using this more than the last one I have because it only had two USB ports which isn't bad but I needed at least one more port for my streaming purposes and this item does the job right. Thank you!

	
  This 7 in 1 usb C Adapter is a sturdy lightweight aluminum. It is highly fictional to usb type c devices for purposes of incurring micro and cards to be displayed on your device. It can display items recorded on micro and, or function as a multi addition to other usb products to your laptop such as a usb hub for your phone, or to charge other devices. I recommend the VAVA USB Hub.

	
  Amazon has a lot of USB-C hubs for sale. I actually initially purchased another brand but it was defective when it got here so I ordered this one instead. I am very pleased with it. It works flawlessly, is sleek, and is super fast! You won't regret buying this USB-C hub. I don't know anything about the power for charging devices (I won't use it for that) but transferring data is super fast!

	
  Product smaller in size than expectation, great build quality though. The power pass through is a good feature, but haven't got a chance to use it yet. All 3 USB ports are 3.0 as compared to some other competitive products at similar price points, which either lack the power pass through or have a couple of 2.0 ports. Unless all 9 ports are needed, this is a good 7-port option (I personally don't really need ethernet and 3.5 mm jack in my hub). Will update review if anything goes south, for now, all good.

	
  I've had some bad USB-C ports in the past but it looks like I've found the right one. I always have had to keep buying USB-C hubs because they keep breaking. I kept buying the ones (from other brands) that are more compact that stick closer to the laptop (no cable) but those just aren't steady and keep breaking.With this dongle I don't have to worry about my laptop case getting in the way or it breaking off when attaching an HDMI cord. This hub is amazing and matches my MacBook pro nicely and has great functionality. It's cheap, looks great, and most importantly it works.  I'm very happy with my purchase.

	
  ?Useful, compact dongle. I was using this with my iPad Pro with the USB-C port. Simple connection via HDMI to a monitor to stream from the iPad without an Apple TV device. Easy plug and play functionality with a Logitech keyboard to allow for typing on the iPad. And last but not least plug in a USB drive, SD, or Micro SD to view, upload or download photos. Overall, useful when you need to do a little more with your iPad than usual or when you're in a fix and need a quick alternative to get things done.

	
  I like how compact this adapter or hub is.  I use this to extend my display onto my 4k TV, and hook up wired ethernet (using a usb adapter) and my thumb drive.  It is very light and small, and I can have my laptop charging at the same time.  My dell XPS only has USB-C, so this saves a lot of dongles to keep up with and one cable gets the laptop ready to dock into all my accessories. I like the fact it is metal, because I have a 4 year old and 2 cats!

	
  When its a hub.  I have a lenovo x1 carbon that I like to charge, have multiple monitors, an external keyboard and mouse attached too.  This eliminates my need for a dock and remains portable, makes my life very easy.  Good purchase, great price.

	
  Hits on the necessary plugs I need for a dongle for the price. I could live without the ethernet plug when I'm on the go since most of the time there WiFi wherever I go. Three USB Type-A plugs seem to be a good number of USB ports to have and they are all USB 3.0 which make this a solid dongle.  I would recommend anyone who needs this adaptor but doesn't need the ethernet port to pick this up! Great value for the price!!

	
  Tried it out for a few days now and it’s very useful. It’s light and small. I have multiple devices connected to it and they all worked. I have transferred data from a computer to my MacBook Air. The MacBook charging feels just a bit slow but overall I’m happy with the product.

	
  So far this product exceeds all expectations. It is small and compact built with quality materials. It does not feel cheap. I am using it as a hub for a docking station I built for my MacBook Pro 2017. All the ports work simultaneously and even my usb wireless mouse works with this as well (I have read various usb c hubs like this don't work with wireless usb mice). I use daily the HDMI and three USB ports. I was using a hyperdrive that connected to two usb c ports on the Mac but this method was clunky and was bending my USB cables on a 90 degree which is not great for the cords. When I started needing my wired USB keyboard daily and other corded usb device including a USB MIDI piano keyboard I knew I needed to find another hub that could cut down the clutter of chords and only occupy a single USB port. I will update this review in a few months or so to give a clear view of the products durability, something I cannot comment on at the moment.

	
  For her business, my wife has upgraded from 2015 MacBook Pro 13"  to the 2020 MacBook Air; however, updated hardware often means the need to update the means by which that new hardware now connects to the various legacy accessories (w/ their various cable types).  Since the MacBook Air has only USB-C connectivity, a multi-function USB-C hub was necessary.  After reading reviews of many possible products, I chose the "VAVA USB C Hub, 7-in-1 USB C Adapter".  This very compact 7-in-1 hub seemed perfect; so, I order it.  It arrived, and it was just "plug-n-play" - no fuss, no muss.  The HDMI connected monitor; the USB 3 connected document camera; and the USB 3 connected backup drive - all work together perfectly.  I am very pleased.

	
  This is the exact product I was looking for years to work with my MacPro. I had to plug external devices so often with and with Thunderbolt ports I didn't find many extension points. This is a great product that looks really fit to my MacPro surface (product texture). On top of this what satisfying me the smoothness of the device.Overall a Great Product. Keep Up the good work

	
  I have enjoyed using this device so far.  It is lightweight and portable.  You can easily fit it in a center console in your car, purse, or pants pocket.I recommend this product for anyone who is on the go, using devices for presentations with multiple devices, and for diverse data delivery.  It looks cool, too.  You will enjoy using this product, and it seems to be working well so far.

	
  Very pleased with this product.  All ports (USB 3.0 Ports, 4K HDMI, and SD Card Readers) work well on both my 2019 MacBook Air and my 2019 iPad Pro. The exterior appearance looks very nice too - matches the space gray color of both of my Apple products.  I definitely recommend this product to anyone that travels and/or needs additional ports for his/her work needs.  Great product - 100% satisfied.

	
  I plugged this into my laptop and it was immediately recognized.  I then put in my SD card in the appropriate spot and boom!  Every video and picture file was instantly accessible.  From there it was a simple drag and drop procedure.  This device is one of the easiest ones I’ve found for moving larger files to your laptop from cards or plugged in devices.  I can highly recommend it.

	
  I was not expecting to receive a little clicker to take pictures. I love that I can record videos and take selfies and it easily connected to my bluetooth. I also love how bright it is and when I'm streaming it just overall looks very professional. I didn't want something too big because I have a small room and this is just perfect to place on the table. Very easy to set up!

	
  This is the ideal product if you have the MacBook Pro. I am not a tech savvy person but I know what I want and will research it till I figure it out. I had old sd cards that had precious pictures that I wanted on my computer not to mention being able to connect my flash drives for work. This item did it all in one small tool. Small enough for travel and big enough do do everything I need to do with multi ports. I recommend this product.

	
  Look no further! This multi-port adapter is a must have for every owner of any device with thunderbolt ports. I just bought a mac that has two thunderbolts ports. That's it, no USB or HDMI ports... Needless to say, I need both of those. For starters, I like using a wireless mouse over the track-pad, and I am always storing research papers on my flash drive (as a job requirement). Both of those needs are covered by this VAVA hub. I also use my laptop for streaming movies on my tv. It is amazing this hub also includes an HDMI port when apple's adapter is well over 40 bucks. To make this even a better product, it also comes with a card reader which lets me upload the footage of my dashcam to my computer.It also has a very slick design that looks modern and fits nicely with apple's silver tone. definitely recommend!

	
  The build quality of this hub is fantastic. Unlike cheaper plastic ones, this one has a metal case around it with a thick rubber wire connected to the USB C port. For those two reasons alone, this hub will not get damage no matter how much time it is toss and shove into my backpack when I am in a hurry. It is also extremely lightweight and compact which means the hub could be carried along with no matter what. Even for its relatively small size, it is loaded with ports that would accommodate everything. Overall, it is a wonderful hub with an amazon build quality for every need possible.

	
  So far I am very happy with this purchase. This is the second hub that I have purchased, and I ended up returning the first one (different brand) because it only had HDMI. This port feels so much more solid, and everything seems to plug in and fit well. It's small, but really offers so much versatility. Having the type C pass through is also helpful! I would definitely recommend this hub, and the price is great compared to some others I saw online while looking!

	
  I bought this really just to add some USB ports and a MicroSD/SD reader to my Thunderbolt 3 dock, but considering the size I'm almost certainly going to be swapping it with the USB-C hub I leave my bag. Well built with quality materials it feels great, port selection is fantastic for the modern era of nothing-but-Type-C-ports laptops, and it just works.

	
  I recently bought my apple macbook air and it doesn't have any USB ports, or HDMI ports that I am used to on my old macbook pro.  I needed an affordable option to connect my external mouse, keyboard and monitor for work.  This works great, it's very convenient to have one spot to plug it all in.  The charging port works great, and charges quickly.  I would recommend to others needing these options.

	
  I am heavy Mac Pro user, and really hate Mac Pro design which only support limited USB-C ports out of box, yes, it is possible to purchase accessories from Apple for, for example: HDMI extension, additional SD card, and/or others. But you know things comes from Apple is usually expensive.First of all, this product works as expected, HDMI works w/ 4K monitor, 3 USB ports (I think is 3.0 interface, you may better check spec if you think this is important), SD card reader works, no need to get additional card reader!!Besides, I am testing this about 3 days, 6hour each day. No over heating, connections are very stable.I also tested on iPad Pro and SurfaceBook, it works as well. If you are Mac Pro and iPad Pro user, I think this one fits on both, and really good one for travel (since I have to carry both Mac Pro and iPad).Lastly, I like the color since it matches my Mac Pro and iPad Pro, same color tune, feels like similar material (feels like aluminum, but actually it is plastic I think).I am super satisfied so far w/ this purchase.

	
   Vava USB C hub, 7-in-1 USB adapter is really perfect for transferring many files specially in my case as vlogger. I have too many videos and photos to transfer and sometimes from a different gadget. So, I am so happy that I bought this 7-in-1 USB adapter it makes my life easier on transferring files. MANY FILES. Compatible devices are macbook pro, macbook air, chromebook, ipad pro, windows, mac, unix. It is small size but massive expansion of 7 external devices. You can use the hub as you charge your computer as well.  I loved this item and I highly recommend this for purchase 101 percent. It is worth the money and very useful. (Many ways to use it)

	
  I recently purchased a monitor and i was unable to connect it to my monitor as my laptop  did not had a hdmi port.Looks like  most new laptops dont have an HDMI port.This product resolved it flawlessly. It also has 3 usb ports. I connect my wireless mouse and keyboard dongle to these usb ports and made it like a docking station. I have two laptops and all i do is just connect the usbc is port to my laptop and it takes care of mouse , keyboard and monitor. It made my life easier.Its so tiny and it can even fit in your pocket making it great for travel. Its like a mobile docking station. Highly recommed this for every body who has a laptop.

	
  It's a great and lightweight usb-c hub. Has just enough USB A ports as well as a singular usb C port in case the usb c port from the hub itself takes up the only usb port on your motherboard or laptop. I do wish the cable was a little more flexible as it's very rigid but I am thinking that it will become more flexible over time. Definitely think about getting this if you need all of the ports.

	
  With the advent of laptops with very few connections for peripheral devices, a USB hub of some sort is a necessity.  This one is an example of a perfectly priced device that works great for many different tasks.  Personally, I have been using my laptop to work from home form a couple of months now, but my laptop doesn't always stay at my desk.  I have been using this hub to connect my second monitor, wireless mouse and external drives.  This has made it much easier to disconnect all of my devices at once.  It makes everything much simpler.  I haven't found anything that this hub is not perfect for yet.

	
  I needed a USB-C hub to along with my new laptop that has an aluminum body, and this one matches great!  I see lots of hubs that have Ethernet ports and other things I don't need, so I chose this one.  The cord is nice and sturdy.  The USB ports work at 3.0 speeds and the SD/Micro ports make good connection and work well.  After swimming through all the options on Amazon, I'm happy I picked this one.  Good price, and very happy with its performance.

	
  I purchased this device as a USB hub for my PC, but I was pleasantly surprised this device was able to work with my iPad Pro to output HDMI (video and sound) to my external monitor! For my PC, I experienced quick data transfer rates over USB3 as well as the SD card slots.It comes with a sticker saying it can heat up to 130F when fully loaded, but it wasn't even warm when I used it to charge several devices. I think it'd be a slightly better product if the cable either came braided or was detachable, but these are minor nitpicks on an otherwise solid device.

	
  I am working from home and need a USB C hub to connect a number of items to.  I have put together a work station, 2nd monitor, ergo keyboard, printer, etc.  This hub let me connect everything and enable to swap out my laptop with my work laptop.  It is a solidly built hub.  Lots of space for what I plug in.  I need the SD card reader as I transfer a lot of photos.  Light weight and small.  Excellent price and a worth while purchase.

	
  I purchased this product primarily to be be able to continue to use my USB mouse and since i am working from home now, be able to utilize a dual monitor set up which requires a HDMI port. This USB c hub is able to meet all of my device plug in attachment needs but is also compact enough for me to add it to my daily use backpack. The build quality is surprisingly sturdy but not overweight for its size. i am very happy i am able to get some sd card receivers so i can upload and download and store pictures from my sd cards. hard to find these days. Great product so far.

	
  You can’t tell from the pictures but the body of this is actually metal, the end caps a dense plastic, and all the ports fit snugly and securelyI bought this because it was cheap but I’ve spent way more on hubs from other brands and this little thing blows them out of the water.Speed seems fine for normal use, I didn’t stress test it. I was able to get a 2650x1600 resolution to display which is a bonus too

	
  I got a new MBP and that meant needing to buy adapters for it (sad). This adapter has been working well for me--it is easily portable and has all the basics that I tend to need (USB and HDMI being the main ones). I have found that when I plug in one certain USB item, I cannot use it alongside my USB mouse but I don't know if that's just my items not working well together because individually, all the USB ports do work. I got the silver MBP so one downside is this only comes in space gray so it doesn't really match my laptop, so I do wish this came in silver! I do not find the adapter getting too hot but it is a bit warm to touch when using. Overall, I find this great for its price and I hope it will last me a long time!

	
  I was looking for a hub that worked with my Samsung Galaxy S8 and could be used a dock for my USB-C laptop. Naturally I wanted it to be small and portable when using with the phone. This model checks everything in the wishlist. It seems to be one of the most compact hubs available (compared to the ones on Amazon) that provide 3 USB ports, 1 HDMI, SD card, microSD card reader and Power Delivery.It supports devices plugged-in in all ports at the same time. I haven't had the chance to test with external hard drive, but I would not be surprised if it is necessary to connect the power delivery input when using multiple high power USB devices. Also it does triggers Samsung Dex in my Galaxy S8, so I believe it should work all the later devices with Dex.

	
  My work laptop only has one HDMI port and I need another one so I can connect two monitors to my laptop.We bought a 7 in 1 option a couple of weeks ago for $70 but my friend told me she got one for $25 that has 1 HDMI port with couple of USB ports and it works fine.I am not sure if this is the one she got but this works great! I feel like I either got ripped off with the $70 one or I just made a hasty purchase.I am definitely recommending this to my coworkers opposed to the other one I purchased due to functionality and value.

	
  Ordered two - one for myself and one for my brother. It's been over week we have been using this and so far no complaints. It was very easy to get started - no software to install - just plug it in and all set.Charging the Mac works great - haven't noticed any delays in charging via the hub (Having said that I am plugged in most of the time)Have extended display to 32" TV via HDMI port and no issues there either.Haven't used rest of the ports yet but my brother has connected wireless mouse and keyboard without issues.Once I have used for few more weeks, won't mind ordering another one.

	
  I have a Microsoft Surface Pro 7  with a single USB-C port, and now that I am working from home....i am running out of ports....I wanted to add a HDMI monitor, and additional USB ports for whenever I need it.  The VAVA is a quality device in a nice package, is beautiful gun metal finish and sleek and solid to the touch.  It also works flawlessly.  I connected my HDMI monitor, a USB-C power supply and USB mouse controller and USB memory.  Everything works great...Love it...stays cool to the touch...this may be my best purchase on Amazon this year.

	
  Having just one USB-C port on a Macbook gets frustrating after a while and, out of necessity, I bought this USB C hub to, you know, do things.Given the 7 ports, this obviously exceeds my need to, say, charge my computer while transferring files to an external hard drive or just plugging in my midi keyboard, but I’ve found the HDMI and SD card to be really nice additions.It’s 2020, so we’re at home watching TV more during the pandemic: I’ve never really used an HDMI cable (something else I recently bought) but being able to plug my laptop to the TV has been really nice while watching YouTube videos on the making of Steely Dan records (real heads know).If you’re like me who doesn’t really need much tech other than a smartphone and a laptop, this will pass the test with flying colors. I imagine if you have more needs than me, this will still suit your needs — you got 3 USB 3.0 ports dangit!Overall, this is a very portable, affordable, and it comes in a sleek metal, which I appreciated. Would recommend.

	
  Bought this 7-in-1 USB-C hub for my new 2020 iPad Pro with Magic Keyboard. Since the iPad pro only has 1 USB-C port, something like this USB-C hub device is very important for productivity and more efficient work to be done on the iPad device and for other USB-C powered device. Everything I need is provided in this very sturdy and dependable device, from pass-thru power, card readers, USB3.0, HDMI for meeting presentations and screen extension. Very very satisfied with it and would recommend to everybody 100%.6 out of 5 stars for me.Thank you VAVA for very good product lines as always..

	
  This little hub is amazing, not only does it allow you to consolidate all your misc. cords and previous hubs into one, it looks and feels great.  It's lightweight, and lets your still charge your laptop if you only have one usb c port which is nice add.  I loaded it up with 2 SD cards, HDMI, and all 3 USB ports and all 7 worked at the same time, though most probably won't stress test it that much.  Also there was no loss in USB 3.0 speeds with the hub or using the port on my laptop while having all the drives and ports connected.  Only thing I did notice is if you have 2 USB portable hard drives connected it seems there isn't enough power to power them both, no issues if it's 1 portable hard drive and the rest thumb drives, just ended up using the actual port on my laptop for this situation.  Overall for the price, quality and feel of the hub, super happy, great buy!

	
  This is not First USB TYPE-C HUB for me and to be honest and dont know how to put all my thoughts in this review. so ill just go with PROs and CONsPROS: The quality (i thought i paid more than 100 usd :D)  Small  Functional  Easy to use  And ofcourse the price.  Overall its 5 star in every category.BUT, CON:  When u create something with perfection, sometimes its scaryIm sorry if u think something odd, but srsly guys this product has no CON..Again thanks to the company of working hard to create this kind of products. From this now, im following you

	
  I really like how sleek and smooth the device is— I wanted something not clunky but had enough USB slots for my hp laptop. I need to plug in a lot of USB devices for work and just never have enough slots. With this, I can use headphones, speakers, mouse, and more! I’ve used it for 2 days now with no problems.

	
  This works great with my MacBook Air and has basically any port you could want on it. Even if you only have two ports on the laptop, you'll have plenty with this hub. There's not too much to say about it other than it does everything it claims to perfectly. A lot of hubs either don't work well or can even harm the laptop, that's not the case with this one. The USB-C port on it can even charge your laptop at full power. It's as good or better than the many alternatives going for more than double the price, I'd definitely recommend it.

	
  I am using this for a usb c hub that I can move around the house with the laptop, as well as one that I could (if not in quarantine) take with me traveling.So far this has been perfect.  The temperature on it started to go up a bit higher than I liked, but when I checked it with a temp gauge it was only at 105, which is reasonable all in in all.  I'll keep checking it and will update the post if it appears to waiver too high.

	
  Very compact size for traveling, this is exactly what I needed for a business trip when I have to prepare presentations and transfer Work documents and present a project on a projector using my Mac computer. I have been using it quiet a few times, haven’t noticed any problems so far. Highly recommended.

	
  I recently got a new MacBook Pro and needed a USB port to transfer files and to connect to my Cricut machine. I really like the different ports and the fact that it is small and slim. I can easily pack it up in my laptop bag and take it with me wherever I go.  I’m very satisfied with this purchase. The price was good and the product great.

	
  It works fine with my new laptop with USB-C port. Build quality is surprisingly good, feels solid, USB-C connects snuggly into the type C port, and no issue with any other ports after start using them. I'd buy the adapter again if my girlfriend ends up getting a new MacBook Pro or Macbook Air.

	
  I have purchased new Macbook air last year and I liked everything but not having any USB port on it...and sometimes I wanted to use mouse instead of the track pad so I bought the VAVA USB C hub and it works great and it gives me more features such as HDMI, etc. I think it is good product for good price.

	
  This USB-C hub is perfect for my Macbook Pro. Since having to work from home due to COVID-19, I needed to connect various things to my laptop, such as iPhone cable, flash drive, printer/scanner, etc. This hub has enough ports for everything and works well. Have not had any issues so far.

	
  This hub was a great addition to my MacBook Pro set up during the current working from home situation. I was able to connect a 32in TV, to function as a secondary screen using the HDMI port. And use the USB ports to charge my phone and iPad. Definitely recommend it.

	
  I was looking for an adapter for my new MacBook Air and I am really happy that I came across this one! It is super compact (fits right in my laptop bag), and the variety/number of ports is perfect! I also love that it connects to the laptop with a wire, that way I don't have any problem hooking it up to the laptop with the case on. Overall super satisfied with this product. It comes with a good variety and number of ports for the price, super compact, lightweight, and easy to use. Would definitely recommend!

	
  So glad to find so many different functions in a single tiny box! It was smaller than I expected, but I've run several different devices through it at once and it's worked great. I did take note that the device will get hot when multiple devices are run through it, but I didn't experience that.Mostly grateful that it's so small! Was frustrated that I had to purchase an adapter to run any outside device through my new 2020 Macbook Air, but honestly I'm delighted to have such an attractive, small product that will be easy to bring with me wherever I go.

	
  I purchased 2 of these adapters for my wife and I's new MacBook Airs. We absolutely love these and my wife really enjoys how it matches the color of her computer. There is no lag when using this device. I also enjoy how small it is. There is only one video port on it, but I might buy another one so I can have triple monitors. This product has fantastic value!

	
  Has all the ports I need. Is very portable and comes with a little pouch to carry it in. Haven’t had any problems connecting various USB’s and other cables to it. Great product

	
  The USB C hub is very well built, has a ton of connection options, looks very sleek and is light weight.  I was able to use it with my Macbook Pro and Dell XPS15.  What is great is being able to charge my mac while having external drives and a monitor plugged into the hub.  This USB C hub has everything and is a great value in terms of affordable and product features.

	
  Connect all your cables and power supply to one USB-C connector.Simple and automatic.The screen was previously plugged into the laptop and when through the adapter, there is a slight misalignment.This can be corrected by recalibrating the screen.

	
  This USB-C Hub is very versatile. I use it to connect my laptop to two external monitors, external USB Keyboard, external USB mouse, external speakers, iPhone charging wireless doc, printer fax and separate color laser. What is absolutely amazing it powers all these devices without and additional USB-C power cord. I have other USB-C hubs that require the extra power adapter which adds to the overall expense.

	
  Had one just like it from a different brand for 3x the price and it required both USB-C imports on my laptop. That one eventually broke because you need to be more careful. This one only needs one USB-C so it is more flexible and less likely to break!

	
  I love this USB-C hub. I hate that the MacBooks only have one port to plug in so when I use my external hard drive I have to unplug it and it wastes all the battery. With the help of this I can charge and use my external hard drive among other things. It’s priced great and when you register your product you get support for 2 years+. I love it and recommend it!

	
  At the price, I was pleasantly surprised at the build quality. The case is aluminum and very solid. I did a presentation today with the files coming off a usb drive on the adapter and the computer connected to a TV via hdmi on the adapter and everything worked smoothly. Would recommend. Compact enough to take with you everywhere in your work bag.

	
  I was so disappointed when I received my MacBook Air and realized it didn't have a USB plugin or a place to put my camera's SD card. I purchased this and it works perfectly! I travel with it in my computer case to and from school and it doesn't take up much room at all!

	
  Just received this adapter for my Macbook Air, and its much better than the previous one I got from a different brand. Slim and ultra light, same color as the computer, and a lot of different ports to choose from!

	
  "I bought this for travel because my new laptop does not have many interface device ports besides two USB C ports. This adapter solves several problems, like using a USB flash drive, and card readers. A big unexpected benefit is that, during to the COVID-19 lockdown, I was easily able to create a dual monitor setup with this device by plugging my 24" monitor into the HDMI port of this device

	
  hate the dangling cables...It's so distracting when you have a lot of them connected to your laptop and sticking out in every direction.Thanks to whichever genius that designed this that's a solid piece that doesn't move around or occupy space, I finally have a clean and organized view when I work.I'm connecting a hard drive, a Wacom tablet, a charging cable and a bluetooth mouth receiver to it. All of them works immediately. I didn't have to unplug the hub. So far it's been great! Very glad that I bought it.

	
  I bought this for a work device. I could have purchased a USB C dock from Dell and pay $150+ or this little device for approx. $20+  and have the same results. This think is amazing. I haven't used the micro storage bays but the USB's and the HDMI work great right now. Super thankful for a company who created a cheaper alternative to the industry standard all the while yielding the same results. Great job!

	
  As opposed to traveling with this adapter like many other do, I use this product as a "dock" for my MacBook Pro so I only have to plug 1 accessory in as opposed to 3 or 4. The adaptor feels great in the hand and works just as advertised. Additionally, the product doesn't get warm too the touch despite having multiple devices plugged into it. I can confidently recommend this to anyone looking for a USB C hub!

	
  This is a major upgrade to what I was previously using. The device itself is solid and feels well built. As far as functionality, it has worked great for me so far! I like that it connects via an external cord to my Mac and only uses one of the Thunderbolt ports. This is a great device to use with wireless mouse/keyboard set up and connecting a secondary monitor since it has an HDMI port as well. This is a must have for Mac users who are looking for an external port hub and is a great value for the price.

	
  Bought this to use with my MacBook Air. Works well to hook up my laptop to an external monitor. Selected this item because it only needs to plug into one of the two USB C ports on the laptop; some of the others take up both plugs. Happy with the purchase for the price.

	
  This hub is good quality, and has a good amount of ports for options. Pricing is in-line with other similar hubs. Purchased this for my kid who’s going off to college.

	
  Really handy to have with my MacBook pro, it just works with no fiddling with various connectors which is really nice. Overall the hub has done very well being used every day!

	
  This is a perfect usb Hub port is perfect, have 7 ports!!! I use fir connect my MacBook to the Tv amazing!!! With the iphone and SD card works perfect. Small, lightweight, this is was I was looking for. Amazing product. Delivery fast!!

	
  amazing. when i got it, i thought it was too small and sure enough, it looks and feels much more compact than the photo. it's metallic, and has a premium feel. good build and works great.

	
  So far so good! Plug it in my Mac and it worked right away, no problem. Good quality & easy to use. The compact size makes it easy to carry in my travel case and it’s very light.

	
  That's exactly what I want. I can link it to my phone and use a portable mobile power supply to power it. Then I plugged in a portable hard drive and a card reader. At this point, I can continue to use the mobile phone and transfer all the photos in the memory card to the portable hard disk without using a computer.

	
  Just recently received this product and quickly put it to use to test out its power. The design is amazing, it’s thin, light, the aluminum feels great, and it matches my space grey macbook perfectly. The ports are nicely spread out and the quality of this unit is just unbeatable. I definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a usb-c hub.

	
  I'm happy with my purchase. One thing to note is that you have to push the usb in fully to connect hard drive. I didn't want to pay 70$ for the Apple version of the USB-C Converter because the price is ridiculous so I'm glad I found this alternative. I use it with my 2020 MacBook Pro and it connects fine with my hard drive, which is what I needed it for the most. I like how many ports there are and the size is very portable.

	
  I have used this prouduct since past few days, this is wonderful.  It is the lifesaver to my laptop.  I am able to copy my DSLR camera images using the SD card on this hub.  It is very compact and feels like a well made produce. I had tested most of its ports and it looks well and no heat issues. Very happy with this product.

	
  The appearance is good, shiny, very high-end, try his hub, it is indeed 3.0, 1.17G movie Transformers ~ Bumblebee completed in about 8 seconds, the speed is about 130M/S, it is not bad, it is a perfect solution to the previous plug-in U Pan always keeps looking down for holes. I tried a few U disks and card readers, so far I can still read them

	
  Product arrived quickly and I'm already impressed with the quality of the product and the detailed packaging. It was quick and easy to use right out of the box. I appreciated the information included on the sticker as the last product I used did not have that, making me wonder if it was normal when it started feeling warm to touch. Just beginning to use it and optimistic about longevity!

	
  Does what it's supposed to do.  No issues.  If I had to nit-pick, I'd ask for a slightly longer cable so I could tuck it away at my workstation better, but it's not really a big deal.

	
  I was shopping for a micro SD card reader for my MacBook, but came upon this and thought about the other miscellaneous readers/adapters hiding in my desk drawer. Before I threw them out, though, I wanted to make sure this one worked for me. Ta-da! It did a very good job with my SD and micro SD cards, and my assortment of usb flash drives.

	
  I needed a USB type c hub for my computer because I have many USB drives and this hub is amazing. Plus I can use it as an adapter for my monitors HDMI cable. Feels really good in hand, this does not feel cheap like other items that I have used before. I would buy again and refer to a friend!!

	
  Exactly what I was looking for. Newer laptops have fewer ports, but USB 3.0 has the capacity to run HDMI, power and USB connections at the same time. This adapter allows you to make those connections without having to "unplug" and run off battery. I use it as a docking station of sorts with a USB keyboard/mouse, HDMI monitor and power adapter.

	
  This is a USB-C hub, and does what it says it will do. Things just work when plugged in. No surprises. It is discreet and easy to carry or tuck behind your laptop when using at home.Works as advertised. No complaints.

	
  The product has a nice design that helps make it unobtrusive when trying to set everything up. Especially good for a a newer Mac mini or MacBook Pro when you use a lot to non usb-C connections or need to use SD cards. Fits easily in my work bag as well. Would highly recommend this to any person looking to add extra connections to a machine.

	
  I've wanted/needed to get a hub for my MacBook Pro that only has 2 USB-C hubs. I finally got one--so far, this one works great. I've used the HDMI port to connect to a large monitor. Plug & play. Could not have been any easier. I have not used the USB-B or USB-C ports yet. I will update this review once I use.

	
  I purchased this adapter after realizing the MacBook Air didn’t have the standard USB port. It’s very compact and would be great for traveling. I also like the variation of ports that the adapter has- great product

	
  plug and play on both of my chromebooks, all ports work perfectly

	
  This is perfect for my MacBook when I need to use devices that are not supported by USB type C

	
  We are able to leverage all the ports except those two card reader ones. So far so good, work as advertised.There is a note on the product saying that the maximum output is 7.5W which is quite different from what I believed so from the product description of 100W. but laptop (macbook pro) charges so I guess its fine for now.

	
  Main body and plug is made of metal - feels well-machined, no rough edges, smooth to the touch. Overall surprised by the quality.Don't waste your money on more expensive hubs - this is all you need!

	
  So far I love it. I am able to multitask with the hub, I can charge my iPad Pro 2018 while hooked up to the TV watching movies with the flash drive plugged in. It's incredible everything it can do and its so small. I received a card also with this to leave a review in order to get a $20 gift card. I left a review, but never got the gift card.

	
  Works great! I just bought a MacBook so I needed an adaptor to transfer stuff and this works great and fast! Love that there’s different adapters in one so I don’t have to buy separate items.

	
  Item works as described on the new 2020 MacBook Air.  I've used the DC port, HDMI port, and USB ports to do a multitude of tasks, including transferring several large files, and it worked flawlessly.  I like that it matches the color of the space grey MacBook as well.

	
  This USB C adapter is excellent and handy to have. It’s nice to have the multiple inputs from this device and works like a charm. Very happy with it and the sleek design.

	
  I purchased this multi adapter because I travel a lot and need the extra USB ports and HDMI because I have a Surface Pro X.  I plugged it in and 30 seconds later I had my second display up and running.  For the money, the value to me is exceptional.  As you can see, I have each of the USB's operating and functional as well as the HDMI for my monitor.Excellent product!

	
  I love that it matches the Space Grey color of my new 2020 MacBook Air. Snug perfect-fit and it seems to work very well. Thumbs up from me! :)

	
  I just bought this adapter for my MacBook Pro in order to be able to expand the connection capabilities and I am very pleased with it. All the ports are working very well and I really enjoyed having the HDMI connection when I need to connect to a video projector (which is frequent in my job). The adapter is very sturdy and compact and I am glad I bought it.

	
  I just received my USB Hub for my MacBook Pro and I could not be happier with the quality and build. The color matches my Space Grey MacBook perfectly.Features:USB-C ConnectorSD / Micro SD 3.0 SlotHDMI PortPD PortThe product came within 2 days on Sunday after I ordered on Friday.

	
  Very nice product. Before buying it, I was using all the c type ports of my laptop with USB adapters.Now I'm using only one. That's awesome!

	
  Works perfectly with my Mac, it is compact and it has a really good design and good material. I was concern about the speed of transfer, but It was not slow at all, I am really happy with this product, it worth a lot for the price

	
  I bought this product to connect to my 2020 premium macbook air. I couldn't connect a flashdrive to my laptop before buying this product. Now, not only can I connect my flashdrive; I can also connect my iphone to it as well. There are multiple ports on this small device it feels like it has the versatility of a powerbrick. I greatly recommend this product!

	
  This is a great product, the equipment is quite small, it is very light in hand, the workmanship is very good, and it has a great texture. The quality is very good, the transmission speed is fast, it is particularly convenient to carry around, convenient and practical, no driver, more interfaces, suitable for computers with fewer interfaces.

	
  I have IMac. It is hard to transfer information with out import equipment. Thanks good I buy this product! It is so useful for my daily like. Used to got hard ache about transferring. Now I don’t need to worry about it!

	
  This USB C hub is great - one of the best-looking ones out there.It's really light, but the materials are fit flush and tight. The finish matches the macbook gray. The quality has been really good.

	
  Overall the product seems well made, but I wish the cord that connects it to the computer was longer.  I have my laptop on a raised stand and the Vava Hub is dangling because it isn't long enough to reach the desk.  This is no fault of the manufacturer, I just thought it would be longer.  Perhaps adding the length of the cord in the description would help.

	
  Works great! Super crisp hdmi output. Love all the additional ports

	
  used as a docking station for my Mac.  well served its purpose. the price is good. no heating problem.

	
  This is a great product with a strong sense of design and exquisite workmanship, especially some details. The layout of each socket is also more reasonable than the original one. It also has more functions, fast transmission speed, stable connection, and the product is small and suitable for Carry.

	
  Great quality, works well and the outer case has a real nice finish.

	
  This product is built great and looks even better. It has every port you should need a hub for. 10 out of 10

	
  It arrived in a nice, secure and clean looking package. If you need to neatly plug an HDMI monitor and several peripherals into your Macbook for desk work, this does the job well.

	
  Fantastic little device that does what it claims to do. I have used it on both my Lenovo and Macbook and everything just works flawlessly. Would highly recommend.

	
  Read many reviews before finally choosing this hub and very happy with the result. Good building quality with small size best for traveling. Improvement I would like to see are: more colors, smooth port edge on the case and slimier USB-C housing.

	
  This is a well made, yet affordable product that serves its purpose. High functionality and durability.Looks and works as advertised. I went for this one because of the reviews and I’m not disappointed!

	
  Very good.USB and HDMI work fine.I can confirm that all this worked well on my 15-inch MacBook Pro 2018.There were no signs of WiFi interference or other problems.This little device is worth the cost of two USB3 ports, an HDMI port and a pair of card slots.

	
  This product is very useful.I have an HP chromebook which only come with one USB port. This helps with accessibility and convenience plus there’s the hdmi option to add an additional screen or just project the original screen... I am very happy with the product AND the price.

	
  I got this for my laptop. It only has two regular USB ports, so I needed a way to add more ports.This has worked out really well.This was an excellent purchase with multiple uses.

	
  I have the Macbook Pro with two USB C outlets and I had the hardest time finding an hub that would allow me to use my hdmi for movies while being able to charge my laptop at the same time. Easy to carry around for traveling, overall works amazing.

	
  The usb hub worked well for what I needed: connecting an external drive to a MacBook with only usb-c connection.  Arrived quickly with no issues. Nice packaging, clear instructions.  Very happy with stuff like this that does what it is supposed to do!

	
  If you're looking for a reasonable-priced usb-c hub that also has fast charging, give this one a try. Simple, yet necessary item for WFH during this pandemic.

	
  The appearance of the hub looks very textured, and it is very convenient to use. There are many interfaces. There is no problem connecting mobile phones, computers and other devices, and the data transmission is very fast.

	
  I recently purchased the MacBook Air and it is only equipped with usb-c ports. I normally put my SD as well as my micro SD in my computer. This adapter allows me to continue with my regular use, while maintaining a quality material.

	
  I'm glad to say that this product fits snugly into the port, and I don't ever feel worried that it might just come loose by its own weight or anything.

	
  Excellent performance, dual monitors, use a projector, HDTV or monitor to experience the latest ultra high definition video in mirror mode. Optimize the visual experience of video games, watching movies and many other activities.

	
  The hub is well built and attractive. The matte gray metal shell blend well with my Apple tech.It didn't heat up much while I use for hours.

	
  This is my second product I've purchased from VAVA. I purchased this knowing that I was getting a good product, since I purchased their car cam. I like how it didn't feel cheap and it matched my Mac book. It also has all the ports I need for different projects I need it for. Two thumbs up!!!!!

	
  I basically just needed to be able to charge my iPad Pro while using a peripheral device. This product does exactly what I need and then some for a very reasonable cost. I have some other Vava products and they’ve all been great.

	
  New computer only have one usb, all rest of product still use USB connector. Every time have to unplug one in order plug in another one. Now I have this product can connect more machine at once. Good product

	
  I haven’t had this product for long at all, but I can say that I love the capabilities of it. It had more then I wanted, which is amazing.I like USB hubs, they make thing so much easier to connect. I like the build quality of this hub and the number of different types of ports.

	
  It works well with my macbook pro connected to external monitor. Additional USB ports come in handy and recommends this product.

	
  A great little device - allows me to connect USB sticks and transfer images quickly from cameras SD card to my Pixel phone anywhere. Its small enough to bring along - if its on the couch for the laptop or on a trip for the phone.

	
  I can't believe that it has so many functions. I only need a few of them. I tried to insert the SD card. The transmission speed is very fast and there is no exception at present.

	
  This product is perfect for Mac computer compatibility - I have dual monitors and this connection assists me with adding my MacBook into the mix. Highly recommend! This product is great if you’re a photographer has it has the SD card adapter.

	
  I bought this for my Surface Pro 3 which only has 1 USB port. Now I have 3 USB ports plus some other ports for other things. Great product. Just be aware that you will also need a USB C (F) to USB (M) adapter too.

	
  I love this hub. It is built very well. I use it to offload the images from SD on to an external drive drive by going through my iPad. I love traveling around with this small hub. Would buy it again!

	
  This USB C hub works exceptionally well and is worth the money! As time goes by, the product will do all of its claimed work in an impressive way to recover costs. It's a must buy product, and it's much stronger than many of the competitors I've tried.

	
  In order to get the most out of your MacBook, you'll need a few core accessories..this hub is one of them. Compared to most USB-C hub devices, this item is affordable, works well, and most importantly, looks good!

	
  Has worked great so far. Super convenient for my laptop with a bunch of devices.

	
  It's very easy to use, the designed fuselage is very delicate and compact, the construction texture is very good, and it won't make people feel cheap. Its size is very suitable for travel or business trip, very convenient

	
  My laptop has very few interfaces. With this hub, it's much more convenient. There's no problem connecting mobile phones and other devices. Data transmission is also very fast.

	
  It is very useful and easy to use and works very well. I bought so I can connect my broken screen cell phone to  the Tv to I am happy I retrieved  my stuff and I totally recommend it.

	
  Item is exactly as described and exactly what I was looking for

	
  This USB C Hub is a life saver.  I have a MacBook Pro with only 2 USB C ports.  This hub allows me to plug in my mouse, keyboard, and external monitor for my home office setup.  It is made of high quality materials and does not overheat.

	
  Excellent craftsmanship on this little device. Nice aluminium sturdy case and the connections to my Dell worked pretty well. Sleek design as well.

	
  The product is of great quality and works like a charm , i highly recommend this a your next USB-C Hub.

	
  The product has everything it needs for a high price. I don't want to buy several different adapters for my MBP. Those adapters only have two USBC ports, and this one is perfect and has multiple ports for me to use. No problem so far!

	
  The quality of this multiport hub is great — solidly built yet lightweight.

	
  It works perfectly. Includes all the ports you would ever need in a beautiful design! I love it! It even matches with my MacBook color which is great. Would definitely recommend.

	
  The price is good and inexpensive, and the use is great value Business service attitude good logistics fast beautiful appearance

	
  Has all the essential ports. Doesn't take a lot of space. Also i didn't notice it heating so much. Well built

	
  Very good quality and really easy to use with all the necessary ports that I need. Worth the money and just works.

	
  This product is built well and works amazing,  especially for the price point! I'll definitely recommend it!

	
  Worth buying! it serves its purpose, I bought this for my Ipad pro coz I got this wireless keyboard and works really well! Highly recommended!

	
  This USB C Hub is my best shopping experience, the express delivery is also very fast, and it is very convenient to use.

	
  Very practical products, very small size, very easy to carry, it can let my computer expand more functions, I tried every function, can be very good use, this is great.

	
  The adapter was fast. The product looks good and durable. I found that it is very practical.?So far so good.

	
  Its packaging is exquisite, it looks good quality, it is very convenient to use, it is the best usb c hub I have ever bought

	
  For the price and features, good deal. Exactly what I needed. Works perfectly with a Lenovo Thinkpad T570. No issues at all running on a 4k monitor.

	
  I like this product I use it both for my Dell laptop and my wife's Macbook pro.It is small, lightweight, and sleek. Would highly recommend!

	
  . They always do well, especially in terms of price. It is very simple to use and install with zero problems. They seem to last for a long time without problems.

	
  I like a lot this hub! Works perfectly with Macbook, so far so good. It’s small and portable. It matches my space gray laptop so well. It does not feel cheap. Great!

	
  It goes perfectly with my MacBook. I have two USB hubs for my MacBook because I always carry a backup, but this is my primary hub. The best quality.

	
  Product quality;The mass is all right, stable, fast.The reading speed is much faster than 2.0, the design is simple and elegant, the packaging is perfect

	
  I've tried it on my surface laptop, MacBook and iPad pro. They all work as intended.

	
  I bought this hub on the recommendation of a friend. This is a very convenient and useful device. I really like it.This will save me a lot of walking across the house.

	
  I purchased this because my computer only has USB-C ports. Now I'm able to connect many more types of devices.So far so good!

	
  Great product , I would definitely recommend it. I compared speed to a dedicated USB 3.0 port and USB on VAVA was as fast as dedicated one. Amazing

	
  This product worked to project a laptop to a monitor with an HDMI cable, via the USB-C output. I would recommend it for that purpose.

	
  Love the build quality, the amount of ports, features  & just how ridiculously compact this thing is. highly Recommend this USB Chub!

	
  I use it for my Samsung Galaxy Note to be able to work and I am able to add a work SD Card for my work files and a keyboard and mouse at the same . LOVE IT!!

	
  Sturdy aluminum structure. It looks quite sturdy enough to be used on the go. Ethernet and USB are lightning fast, and the slot is very convenient.

	
  This is an nice addition for my office setup.It works well and it really is plug-and-play so I don't have to worry about driver or other inconveniences.

	
  It's very practical. I've been looking for a hub with low price but complete functions. That's what I'm looking for. I've tried all its functions. There is no problem. I'm very satisfied with it.

	
  A very nice product. Saves a lot of space to have one single adapter to support HDMI and USB.Quality is great.

	
  great quality and detail. Good color match for my space gray MacBook

	
  Just what I needed for my brand new macbook pro. Its size makes it very portable and easy to connect plenty of devices. Premium product for a low price.

	
  Great product! It has everything in it that I need and the price is very reasonable. I highly recommend it.

	
  charges your device while using its only usb c input. Very happy with product. Highly recommend!

	
  Exactly what I was looking for. This was the final piece for my home office set up. Works as promised!

	
  Very easy to use . It connects and recognizes immediately the keyboard and mouse for Mac. I like the space gray because it matches my Mac’s color.

	
  Does what it says it will do. Fast shipping! Looks to be great quality. Tested all my USB flash drives today, and everything connected quick! Thank you!

	
  great quality and great feel.

	
  In order to use a larger screen, I need an adapter. I found it. It works perfectly, making working at home so easy and convenient!

	
  I'm really happy with my purchase.  The product seems to be of high quality and exactly what I was looking for.  It's also very compact and easy to travel with.

	
  Great product

	
  Fast shipping for prime! They shipped it the next day. It also works on my MacBook Pro.

	
  Easy to use, works perfectly with Macbook Pro 16". Love the product!

	
  Great product. Plugged it into my Lenovo laptop and had no issues connecting to an external monitor via HDMI.

	
  I plugged it in and it just works with my Surface Laptop 3. No issues so far.

	
  Solid sturdy build, material feels of quality. Works as promised and I would recommend.

	
  Great for macbooks. gives you all the attachment options you will need in one device. Well made

	
  Work as expected. Nice compact design and easy to carry. Happy with multipurpose adaptor

	
  This product surprised me. The quality is excellent, the transfer speed is AMAZING!, and its small enough to fit in your bag no problem. I would recommend 100%

	
  Really good quality. Works great!  Very easy to use!!  Would buy it again.

	
  Compact design, easy to use and has all the features I need to create the best workflow experience for myself

	
  I’m very happy with the product. Very compact, works perfectly. I will highly recommend.

	
  Received.Computers can be used, now the electrical application of this joint is quite many, for the line is not chaotic, very like

	
  It works perfectly!

	
  No issues with the product. All ports including charging work perfectly.

	
  Headline says it all! Best USBC HUB and very reasonably priced. Fixes apples Mistake !

	
  I have several types of adapters that tend to be hot after use. And this multi-functional hub won't, it can meet any of my needs.

	
  The usc hub is very elegant and very useful for me

	
  Great Product, would recommend!

	
  Awesome device  it was worth it . I instantly used it for my MacBook to do my math homework and it was great

	
  This hub is lightweight and works as expected, connecting HDMI and normal USB ports. Haven't had any issues so far and it came promptly as expected.

	
  Great product, with a heavy duty sleek design.

	
  Conpact but powerful, also the price is very reasonable, I am very satisfied with it.

	
  This USB c hub has worked perfectly and has allowed me to hook up my Mac to a monitor well. Would recommend!

	
  Excellent product!!!

	
  Working from home in the COVID-19 environment.

	
  From the start high quality build and very nice materials

	
  The product is amazing and the built is awesome. The finish of product is good and the portability is great.

	
  Does the job well?

	
  I should have bought this product way sooner!

	
  Sleek design and works great right out of the box. Highly recommended.

	
  This hub is perfect for my new MacBook Pro and matches the color! Great quality!

	
  Very nice adapter.

	
  Great product,  will buy again!

	
  Convenient and quick, quick response, preferential price

	
  Quality and build

	
  Exactly what I needed at an excellent price.

	
  Works very fast and is very responsive with ample ports!

	
  gets the job done

	
  I bought it for my MacBook and it’s worth it

	
  Love this little device, extremely handy for everyday daily use and great for travel. Won't find a better price in  market.

	
  Good to use!!

	
  Works as intended. Easy setup

	
  Great product, is lightweight, small and stylish and adds nice options to any usb c laptop lacking ports. Highly recommend!

	
  Amazing adapter!

	
  Works great and is very small and portable

	
  It’s high quality and compact. All the ports work great. Overall, for the price, it’s a really good deal - would recommend!

	
  Nice product

	
  The VAVA USB C Hub 7-in-1 Adapter is small, versatile and reliable and offers great value when compared to other products available online, I personally thinks most of them have fewer ports and not as reliable. The VAVA works perfectly and I recommend this to mac and chromebook and other users as it should, managing external storage, peripherals, video, and can easily carried. Coming to build quality it has metal surface.

	
  I love that it has so many ports at one really low price. It is very fast and does the job very wel, would highly recommend!

	
  Good product

	
  Amazing video quality and USB splitter with extra features as a SD Slot card, TF Card, most useful for me that I could use it as a charger and still have a splitter for video and USB also can use in my personal computer that is a Mac, and my company computer that is windows! Best solution that I’ve been looking for.

	
  The size is so small which is most beneficial. I really like this product and happy with such a great price.

	
  Good quality

	
  I have had this adapter for about a month now and can say that it works great. I have used the sd card port, the hdmi port and the usb ports, all of which work without a hitch. The usb-c cord is thick but bendable enough to not get in the way and the device itself is small enough to tuck away in a computer bag to bring to work. All in all a good purchase for anyone with a usb-c only computer.

	
  I like how compact this unit is.  It's got all the inputs I'd need.  Designed well and working great so far!

	
  Product feels solid with good quality built. USB-C plug holds in snugged on the laptop. So far so GOOD! Works as expected.

	
  These multi port hubs are a must have for anyone that has multiple devices. The ability to access multiple digital media formats within a singular output is so relieving after years of fumbling with multiple devices in trying to synchronize their information.

	
  This is a great product, comes with extended warranty. Product arrived a day early. I would highly recommend this product.

	
  The VAVA USB-C hub works great and does everything you need it to do for your new MacBook Air.  I needed an adapter for my MacBook Air to access files on a flash drive, download videos off my GoPro and the ability to connect to an HDMI cable.  Since my MacBook Air only has 2 USB-C ports you have to use/find a hub.  This one is compact and all the adapters that I need and the unit is of high quality!

	
  This sturdy  PB adapter with 7 ports that allows multiple access to one device that you plug it into. Very useful  for people with devices with little ports that allows to more access to other devices

	
  Saw it on a tech review, bought it, no regrets! It works great and it has a solid feel to it.

	
  Great product, highly recommend!! The compact size is prefect and awesome...

	
  The design is very strong, and the workmanship is also very delicate, especially some details. The work is really in place. It is really good. It is speechless. This USB hub has a simple and elegant appearance, fine workmanship, and rich and powerful functions. -Not only can you plug in a USB flash drive, but you can also plug in a mobile hard drive without worrying about insufficient power supply.

	
  Now I can connect the external keyboard and mouse, because I really don't like the notebook's own keyboard and mouse,At a meeting, I had three high-speed mobile phones charging,All in all, it's very convenient. If your electronic product lacks a USB gap, it's worth buying it

	
  Works as advertised so far. Love that the color (gunmetal) is exactly the same as my macBook!

	
  The VAVA USB C hub is an outstanding product. It encompasses every possible plug-in that you could use with the MacBook Air.  The size is a great selling point.  To be able to use an SD Card or any USB accessory and attach it to the VAVA hub is excellent.  I highly recommend the purchase of this product.

	
  I really just like the aesthetics of how this hub is designed, clean edges, the "space grey" color to match the macbook and so far it's been working great! Would love to see one without the SD-card slots though, to save space and make it a bit smaller/lighter. Otherwise, it's perfect and looks great!

	
  12 in one! super useful for college! this upgraded 4 k usb c adapter and great for my living room TV to stream 4K UHD for a great movie style video feeling, it also works great for my laptop when I add another extra screen! in that way giving more efficiency to my jobs and school work!

	
  Un buen producto

	
  it is a very compact and light hub with 3 USB 3.0 ports. This can satisfy my need. so far it is working perfectly with my new laptop Lenovo C940!

	
  Works great for reading USB drives on my iPad pro.Only slight problem is that you can't charge at the same time.

	
  v good

	
  It was very well packaged and it does everything I need it to do. Thanks!

	
  It's still so easy to use. The speed of transferring files is not used yet. I don't know if the transfer of files can be as fast as plugging in a computer. But the feel and quality are still very good. It's much stronger than the general look. The driver is really very free. Convenient to expand the four interfaces is also convenient for a lot of praise

	
  Looks sturdy and reliable. I've tried SD card, USB card, and even attaching my mouse. All worked!  Happy with the product and will be buying another one for my husband.

	
  Nice product

	
  This adapter gets the job done. Simple and elegant. Hasn't failed me yet!

	
  I've been using it for a month and so far its performance quality is great! Since, I have to work from home I needed a fast adapter to connect my desktop screen, my mouse and other devices. It saves me time switching unplugging my laptop from it and connecting it again back and ford without any problem!

	
  An excellent USB C adapter. This color goes well with a space gray MacBook. It's thin and light. There's a softer surface at the bottom, so if you put Hoo too on it (for example, together), it won't scratch your MacBook. Some people get annoyed because the hootoo symbol lights up every time the power is turned on. The overall price is reasonable and looks good.

	
  It matches my computer very well. I tried the wireless mouse, keyboard and USB flash disk. The response is very fast. In short, the cost performance is quite high. The most important thing is that the quality is good, which is worth recommending.

	
  Great product, smaller than I thought. And fast shipping too.

	
  Para trabajo excelente!! Super útil, exactamente lo que necesitaba. Además combina con mi computadora. Me encanta!!

	
  This is a great little adapter that's ready to travel. I tested the power with a 60 Watt PC adapter and it worked great. I was able to charge the laptop and a phone at the same time via the USB adapter. One thing is that there's a lot of power going through the unit so it can get warm. I'd keep it on a desk with good ventilation. All in all a good buy.

	
  At last.... it took me a few tries to find the perfect usb-c hub for my Mac... there was always something missing from prior ones (not enough USB ports, no power pass through, etc). This is finally the perfect all-in-one hub at a great price. Highly recommend!

	
  This thing is solidly built, works very well thank you.

	
  It is a decent product with good build quality. It does what it is supposed to do.

	
  I use this for my Mac, the HDMI quality is really good, the USB's are really fast, and overall it's a quality product.

	
  This hub is small and doesn't need any additional wires to connect to PC. It has built in wire which is strong. There is no lag when multiple storage devices are used. One can connect 3 USB devices, 1 HDMI cable, SD card, micro SD card, and charging port. It also has 12 months warranty which is awesome.  Quite nice and affordable USB C Hub for techies who need more USB ports, HDMI and PD charging

	
  I bought this product for my Fiance and he absolutely loves it! I highly recommend!

	
  works for exactly what I wanted. Charges everything that I need and connects my iPhone

	
  I used this product as a second screen for my laptops. Picture quality is good and it does not lag. I can even watch videos. In sum, it works well. Set-up took seconds and it was secured in the packaging. This is a good product for those that are working from home and need a second display. Works well for both Mac and Windows.

	
  Comparing the one I have bought, Vava is good for connecting to a Macbook.With Vava, my Microsoft Arc mouse can move smoothly again.I like this small and light hub.I hope there is a golden color to match my MacBook Air:-) I would like to buy another one.

	
  Received one day late due to Covid-19, but am very satisfied with product.

	
  The thing is very good, better than the intended effect, good seller

	
  Worked great on laptop, including for high speed transfer to attached media, nice item

	
  Cant believe I waited this long to get this very functional accessory for my Mac. I used to have 2-3 wires to connect old phones etc to my phone to get data but this one makes it so much so easier with its 7-1 capability.

	
  Item arrived on time and performed as expected.  Great help for connectivity.  I especially like the added 3 USBs.

	
  This Bluetooth enabled light strip is very affordable.

	
  Great product, good quality, easy to connect, works as described with MacBook Pro. Highly recommend!

	
  I bought this hub to connect peripherals to a Macbook, which has no ports other than a single USB-C port.  I've now got it connecting my Macbook with an external monitor via HDMI, and an external keyboard and mouse via USB.  The small output cable is well-reinforced and sturdy.  And the port is compact and lightweight, good for travel

	
  This a great device that's easy and functional that offers great connection speed without any hindrances. Highly recommend.

	
  Works great good quality very satisfied.

	
  Great build, and easy to travel with. Plus the color goes along with my MacBook. So that a bonus 😁.

	
  It gets the job done, it has good aesthetics, and has a sturdy feel. I definitely recommend it for anyone with a Macbook or iPad.

	
  When I connect this hub to a TV, the HDMI port also works well, so after a long day, I can relax and watch my favorite programs!

	
  Very impressed, works great and is very high quality for the prize!

	
  It works. Pretty small, really useful

	
  This can handle several charges and the hdmi from a monitor to a laptop. So much easier than plugging everything in individually.

	
  Bought for MacBook Pro, all ports are in working conditions. Great value.

	
  Easy to use, very stable and excellent product, highly recommended!

	
  It am really satisfied because it has high quality and it is so helpful.

	
  Bought this after extensive research - comes highly recommended.  So far it has been a seamless transitionfor all my accessories.  It has a quality solid feel to it.

	
  I bought this to use it for the HDMI and USB extensions. All the ports work nice and the sleek design doesn't occupy much space on my table. Happily recommend this product.

	
  This product works perfect and fast. It have a great quality and it’s small and light.

	
  I Just received this product and it works great, it was also shipped really fast.

	
  Great product! I would definitely recommend it.

	
  Super easy to use, good transmission speed, good price and quality, just the right length, no longer afraid that the computer can not find the USB interface.

	
  Looks and performs as advertised. Simple to use.

	
  Awesome product! It’s my most important gadget and I never leave home without it.

	
  I bought this USB C hub to replace an older one I had. Same size that the one I had with an additional USB C and USB 3. Perfectly working on my Dell XPS 15.

	
  Absolutely love! Everything works perfectly! Great and small so if you need to travel or take it to school it won’t take up pretty much any room in your bag!

	
  Perfect size for travel. Convenient for any use! Transferring files between my phone and MacBook air will be quick and easy now.

	
  instead of plugging a bunch of wires into my computer, I just plug in the USB-C adapter now. Much quicker and simpler wire management. Thanks!

	
  The NYTimes Wirecutter recommended it as a best buy and they weren't lying. Very good product at about half the price of Apple's adaptor with twice as many functions. It's a no brainer.

	
  This product is amazing because it is very stable and reliable, and the signal between the device I use and the computer is very fast! I like this situation!

	
  This is a great invention, it is fast transmission, can connect multiple devices, plug in responsive, easy to use

	
  I bought this for my new Macbook Pro and use it mainly for the HDMI portal. It works pretty well. I haven't tested other ports yet.The product is lighter and more portable than I thought, it's a good choice for office use.

	
  This USB-C  Hub was perfect for my MacBook Pro!  It made it super quick and easy to import photos from my iPhone.  I love this product and definitely recommend buying it.

	
  I ordered this hub for my macbook air 2020, and I am happy with my decision. It has a high quality, and great price.

	
  bought this to provide extra usb ports when my docking station ports stopped working.  does the job well, exactly what i needed

	
  This USB-C Hub is everything that I needed and more. Lightweight and not bulky at all. Great quality! You can't go wrong.

	
  Oh my god, there was such a great invention. Now my phone is like a computer, and I can use it to project the screen.

	
  Product was exactly as described. Shipping was prompt and it was competitively priced. It works well!

	
  This product is useful for me as I have many gadgets to connect to my laptop

	
  I purchased this hub for use with my 2020 iPad Pro. This has worked excellent for my needs. It is light weight yet built tough with quality materials. I have no hesitation on recommending this product.

	
  Exactly perfect to travel and very light weight!

	
  This is a neat device; very convenient and portable. If connecting multiple devices to thr HUB, make sure you have the AC power for your device plugged in.

	
  The hub is compact and can be taken along in  a folio along with the MacBook and works as advertised.

	
  Love this, it soles your problems in a nice neat package.  Well worth it, made nicely and small enough to just have in my bag for when i need it.

	
  I have a hp laptop with USB C thunderbolt. This is best HUB that i got. Its works fast. I got this product in 3 days. It really worth the money. I am so happy with this product. Please don't miss the chance to use this product.

	
  Does exactly what I want from it and delivery was fast. Highly recommend it.

	
  This product is sleek in design and does the job perfectly. I'm plugging my monitor and audio interface into and it works great.

	
  This product is perfect for Mac computer compatibility - I have dual monitors and this connection assists me with adding my MacBook into the mix. Highly recommend! This product is great if you’re a photographer has it has the SD card adapter.

	
  Very easy to use,  just plug in and it's ready to go! Frees up all of my USB ports and makes it so I can keep them all plugged in all the time

	
  Purchased this usb c hub for use with my Surface Book 2. Love the small form factor used to add 3 additional usb 3.0 ports. Highly recommend this product both for home office use or for travel use.

	
  I've been looking for a USB C adapter for my Macbook and this one works perfectly. It's well made and fits my needs perfectly.

	
  Great product. Works with iPad, Mac Book Pro, and Windows!

	
  This USB hub has everything you need. Ultra light, compact and has every port I need! I mainly needed it for the wireless mouse accessory for my new MacBook Air, but I found that I used it for other purposes as well.

	
  Seems to be a good buy so far.  Style and color match the MacBook Pro nicely.  First download of photos and videos from my phone went really quickly - much faster than old USB port.

	
  Like the quality of the product, R/W speeds are good.Also got additional 12 month warranty which makes it more reliable.

	
  I was frustrated to find that my MacBook Pro had no ports other than two USB-C ports and a headphone jack. I am very happy with this hub! It looks great too. Did exactly what I wanted and what I needed. The metal finish looks expensive. It fits easily in my bag

	
  It’s a great product. Dell was gonna charge a couple hundred dollars. This was a good price it’s very small, quality is good, perfect to pack and travel with. Video quality is excellent.

	
  Arrived fast, love the style of USB c hub. The color matches with my MacBook. Can't wait to use and see how it works. I recommend this product, if you need an ethernet connection VAVA has another USB c hub with ethernet.

	
  I have bought THREE other converters that all failed almost immediately or would shut down programs for some reason. This is the first one that has run smoothly and as intended. The design is sleek and compact. I love it!!! Definitely going to order another one for my other IPad.

	
  I was using another hub that was using two usbc port to connect like a stick. This one is much more flexible and easy move around with. Also, I like the feature of 3 USB ports and power in. Happy with the purchase...

	
  I like USB hubs, they make the connection so easy, it works great with my iPad Pro, and can connect to everything I want

	
  Well built hub that works as expected. Solid construction. No issues so far with usb 3 and hdmi connection. Note that it's better to have usb-c power cable plugged into hub when using two external usb drives at the same time.

	
  This little gadget is amazing! Has plenty of outlets for the various things I need to connect to my MacBook now that I’m working from home! I should’ve ordered one for everyone in my office!

	
  Ordered this product for my MacBook Pro 2020. Sleek design and perfect size for being on the go.

	
  USB C hub multi port adapter has always been my most used tool in cable packs. Whatever it is, I can insert it. I strongly recommend that the USB C hub multiport adapter is suitable for all demo, travel and educational individuals.

	
  I purchased this USB-C adapter for use with my HP Spectre-series laptop.  Charging the laptop works well, and the HDMI display and logitech USB dongle for keyboard and mouse worked right away.  I would recommend this product.

	
  This adapter works very well so far. I'm using it with my Macbook Pro and an external monitor and various peripherals. Very happy with the quality.

	
  I love this hub!This has a snug, secure fit on my MacBook and has no issues with anything I have plugged into it. It doesn’t overheat nor thermal throttle, and is much cheaper than some of the alternatives while maintaining extremely good quality.

	
  This is a must-have product if you have a MacBook. It gives you the flexibility to connect with multiple devices and makes up for the lack of ports in the MacBook. The compact design makes it easier to carry this product everywhere you go. This is the best bang for your buck.

	
  Bought this to work with my brand new MacBook Pro 2019 and it works really well.  I have a lot of devices that use USB-A and the new MacBook pros are USB-C only so this adapter was exactly what I needed.  The HDMI works well too!!!

	
  The USB C hub has all the ports necessary for everyday work. It works perfectly for the new laptop I recently bought that only has two USB C port. The speed of file transfer is fast and build quality exceeds my expectation. I would recommend this product to everyone who looks for quality product without breaking the bank.

	
  I only used the product once but it was great! Connected my ipad pro and hard drive perfectly. It also feels very light and small.

	
  I have been looking for an adapter. This USBC hub is exactly what I want.In addition to functionality, the best part is aesthetics. This hub matches my space gray MacBook Pro. It also provides a USBC port, two USB ports and an HDMI port. My backpack is great! Worth the price!

	
  this adapter is so awesome, great price and great quality100% recomended

	
  The product arrived on time and exactly as described. I use it to connect a dual monitor to my laptop via hdmi and it works perfectly. I'm also using one of the usb ports to connect my logitec mouse and keyboard and works perfectly fine as well. No issues thus far! I also like that it matches the color of my macbook pro.

	
  What a great product. Being able to utilize USB-C connectivity and add additional USB 3.0 ports expands and speeds up capabilities. It's compact size makes it great for travel.

	
  This is essencial for type c thunderbolt era! all ports work well. Little expensive for the little thing but good quality!

	
  I really liked all the features that were offered in this. It uses really solid material that feels sturdy and it has everything I need from data transfer to USB to HDMI. I like the size of it because it fits in my laptop case and does not cause any bulkiness. My only critique is the length of the cable. I think it should be able to tuck away into a loop or something instead of only protruding from the hub.

	
  The hub with its multiple usb ports is able to support a number of devices at the same time, for me i was able to use my flash drive while also connecting my newly purchased drawing pad with ease. I also had my charger connected to the thunderbolt 3 port without any issue. Highly recommend for Mac Computers with only Thunderbolt 3 ports!

	
  Works so well! Just as you would expect!! Great price point!

	
  The product itself overall works and it looks nice. So far it has worked perfectly and I am very pleased. It was actually smaller than I had pictured it, taking up less room on my desktop.

	
  Got this during the stay-at-home order to have a more productive work station. This adapter works with Macbook Pros and Ipad Pros as well as Microsoft Surface tablet computers and Dell laptop PCs. The device can get warm when your power is plugged directly in but nothing out of the ordinary; there is even a disclaimer stating as such directly on the device. All in all, a great product and device! Well done.

	
  I was looking for something to connect to my Mc Book and I found this . It works perfectly fine and easy for carrying around . So portable and light weight . The shipping was fast and the product is reasonably priced .

	
  Product arrived on time and works perfectly! So easy to leave everything plugged in to the hub and only have 1 plug for my MacBook when I get back to my desk. Highly recommend this product.

	
  No problems with this basic USB-C that has all the essential ports (no Ethernet which isn’t necessary these days). Good value for its features as long as it’s sturdy enough to last a couple of years. Would be nice if there was more guidance about what external power source to use.

	
  The VAVA USB C Hub works immediately as you plug it in, hiving additional ports and charging as well as allowing connection to TV via HDMI port.Its very portable and light, excellent for travelling and highest quality of build, I love the space grey color which match my new Macbook Air perfectly.Definitely the best choice for MAC, but also works perfect with my Windows 10 laptop

	
  Just wow. This has made my life even more productive. The Usb C hun is robust in quality It gets a little warm when all ports in use but mangeavle. Charging is also as good as using the charger directly. I use it with macbook1port mouse1port hdmi1port keyboard1port Charging.

	
  It’s a great adapter for my MacBook Pro. I have used this adapter everyday and did not experience any problems. It was well built and if you need a type c adapter I would highly recommend this.

	
  small, lightweight, reliable. Great travel accessory.

	
  I really appreciate this USB-C or thunderbolt adapter. I have had it now for about a week and I use it for work. I love it. I have a MacBook Air and this adapter looks very professional and looks like it was meant to go with my computer. I would recommend this adapter to anyone who is needing a USB-C adapter.

	
  This hub is very functional because of the variety of ports it offers. It is great for me as a business travel because it’s small and compact, and also my laptop has very limited ports but this hub will allow me to connect with other technology in hotels, conference rooms, etc.

	
  I bought this because I had too many dongles trying to set up my MacBook so that I can have an external monitor + keyboard + mouse. Its nice to have everything all in one.

	
  I've only had to use this a couple of times since I got it about a month ago but it's worked well thus far. Seems like a solid and affordable option!

	
  This product arrived on time. It looks to be made with good quality. The size is compact and looks elegant as well. I was specifically looking for a USB-C to HDMI dongle that has another USB-C on the dongle with pass-through charging capability. This dongle is a perfect fit for my needs and it works awesome, just plug-n-play. Finally, the price is also very reasonable for the functionality.

	
  I purchased VAVA USB Hub nearly 3 months ago. I started my search after purchasing my MacBook Pro 2019 and found out that without a usb c hub it wouldn’t support the bulk of my USB devices. After reading multiple reviews I went with VAVA and I am happy to report that it has held up well providing support for multiple devices. Solid buy!

	
  I never expected this product to be as great as it turned out to be. The material and quality of the product make it look way more expensive than it actually was, I'm really happy having bought this and I will most definitely recommend it to my friends and family.

	
  Very well built. Has a nice heavy feel to it. Seems to be working as advertised.Transfer speeds are fast and works as intended.

	
  I got this to be able to plug my Apple phone charger into my Apple Mac book as well as hdmi cords and it works fantastic! I love the amount of options it has in one and it’s easy to throw in my bag and bring with me. Highly recommend this product.

	
  Just got this new USB C Hub for my new Macbook Pro 16 inch and everything has been working great!Love the sleek and thin design of the USB C Hub Case.

	
  When I received something, I tried it first. It's very easy to use, fast transmission speed, good quality, and convenient to use. This product can make my computer in charging state all the time when I am working. It's compact and delicate, and it's very convenient to carry when I'm on a business trip.

	
  The product worked right out of the box. No software needed! Perfect complement to my new MacBook Air A2179. Small enough I can fit in my sleeve! Perfect.

	
  Way cheaper than most of the USB C Adapter out there.  Portable and be able attach 3 USB, 1 USBC, 1 HDMI and SD cards.

	
  I recently switched from a full desktop computer to just using an iPad and this little guy helps out a ton!  Helps fill the gaps left by only the one port.  thumb drive, big external hard drive, and SD card all worked on it no problem.  quite frankly a must have accesory

	
  I bought 2 other USB - C macbook hubs and they both sucked from the start and eventually failed. Both of them were expensive but crap quality. VAVA-TECH works the best and it's affordable!!! It charges, the usb actually works, for what I need it for, it works. So 5 stars for these guys for delivering a better quality product than the higher end people and at a much much affordable price.

	
  I love everything about this product. It is very easy to connect and instantly recognizes an external display. The power pass through works just as expected. The usb ports are incredibly fast. The small size also allows it to be portable. I can't recommend this product enough.

	
  I am happy with the build, and the usb-c PD works as advertised. 5 total ports, a lot of options. Phone, ipad, watch, external battery, airpods, Bose headphones...charges them all simultaneously. Highly recommend. I will update after 3 and 6 months of use.

	
  Works great with my MacBook Pro and MacBook. Unit feels solid, unlike the plastic ones I've tried before. All the ports work as advertised. Matches my space grey laptops as well!

	
  I originally got an IOGear USB-C docking station for my 2019 MacBook Pro. That was a real piece of s**t.  It was laggy, the external monitor often required multiple tries to turn on when hooked up to the laptop, and it was bulky as well.  I finally decided to order a replacement and decided on the VAVA. It does pretty much the same thing as the IOGear unit, but work flawlessly and was about 1/3 the price!

	
  I love how easy this is to use, and the 7 different things you have on it works better then I thought it would on my I Mac computer.

	
   This little connector is amazing. Bought it to use with my Mac air. It’s small, light and works perfectly. It has a hdmi, 3 USB ports, a micro sd , a SD and a DC In... Exceeded all my expectations.

	
  Awesome USB C adapter that feels solid and just works.  Works with my 2017 Macbook Pro without any issues.  Has 3 USB 3 ports, HDMI, SD, Micro SD, and an extra USB C port for charging. Really like that its aluminum and cable feels high quality as well.  Great to have in my bag when I need it.

	
  Delicate vavava7 port hub, simple operation, no additional driver, plug and play, it works well, transmission is very stable, fast, clear screen, while transmitting data for the computer and other C-type equipment charging, small size, easy to carry, good quality, it provides advanced intelligent life.

	
  Very beautiful, aluminum alloy shell, metal texture, hand feel is good, the appearance also looks high-end atmosphere grade, colleagues said that this is really beautiful, ask the price, they are very surprised, cost-effective. After plugging in, the running speed is very fast, just like plugging in a computer, but it adds four interfaces, especially for the use of laptop computers, it is very practical.

	
  I think this is the perfect hub for my needs.  I just purchased a MacBook Air (2020), and of course one limitation of this laptop is being limited to two USB - C ports.  This hub adds an HDMI outlet (great for powering some displays) and three standard USB ports which I needed for my backup drive, scanner and more.  It looks and fits great, and I find it to be very excellent value when compared to other options.

	
  I love everything about this hub, the finish matches my MacBook Pro exactly, the quality is superior even to apple own hub adapter. Lots of ports, I use this hub for my music studio and it easily runs each of my devices (hard drives, midi controller, second monitor, and more) all while charging at full capacity with the power delivery port. I do not have anything negative to say about this very affordable, high quality hub.

	
  This USB hub has added back all the functionality that I lost when I upgraded to the new MacBook.  It is wonderful to be able to hook up one connection and have everything you need up and running.

	
  Great little usb hub.  I have been into pc's for a long time.  I could hardly believe when I stumbled upon this contraption.  How nice that can plug just about everything I have into this as it helps to be able to keep my desk tidy.

	
  Uso este hub con mi Mac para transmitir películas en mi tv. La calidad de la imagen es increíble . es muy bueno por la cantidad de diferentes conectores que puedes utilizar. Mi mac solo tiene el c-hub y era muy difícil guardar en mi hard drive o simplemente conectar al tv. Ahora este hub es lo único que necesito. Tiene tremendo tamaño

	
  The perfect tool for your mac. I was very disappointed when I found out that Mac doesn't have HDMI port. First time Mac owner. This tool has been so helpful. I can actually use my Mac, plug in a USB flash drive or wired mouse. This is a great alternative to buying apple product. Great quality and good price. The cord is also a good size length to hide behind your desk if needed

	
  Very satisfied with the features, size and overall quality of the product.  Great all in one device allowing for use and integration of legacy usb and SD card devices.  Very pleased with this product!

	
  It's a great little hub that feels like it's made of solid materials. The ports and body are all sturdy. I have to agree with another reviewer that the cable that connects the hub to my laptop is very stiff which is inconvenient. It makes it difficult to maneuver the hub on my desk. I'll keep it because I feel like it's high quality and it'll last a while.

	
  Unboxing was fun box was very attractive. First of all love all the slots three USB 3.0, HDMI, USB-C, USB PD, TF cord and SD card slots I couldn't ask for more. So lightweight and pleasant design make my laptop more stylish. My sister fell in love as soon as I got it she had to order one too. Definitely the most needed item in my household. Money worthy buying item. Recommended to everyone.

	
  Just set it up for office , works great, it’s a plug &play device, charges the laptop simultaneously, able to connect monitor via hdmi, multiple usb for keyboard mouse etc. makes my setup all neat and organized

	
  I bought the VAVA USB-C hub for my daughter's Macbook Air so she can extend her screen to a larger monitor as well as have additional USB port. The product came in time and worked well with plug-n-play. It's nice and small so it doesn't take up much space on her desk; and you can easily put it in your back pack if you need to travel. She plugged an external keyboard (a PC key board) in one of the USB port. A set up screen popped up and once configured it worked well. Overall, very happy with the product and highly recommend it.

	
  Just what I was looking for. I have a newer generation Macbook Pro and recently upgraded my workspace to accommodate working from home. With these upgrades, I got a new desk monitor, mouse, etc. and needed more ports to plug into my computer. This little hub was the perfect device! I can now have my computer charging, hooked to a second monitor, and have all my other devices plugged in to charge. The cord is nice and sturdy so I think this will last a long time. It is light enough to carry around if I need to bring to another location.

	
  This USB hub works perfect for my MacBook Pro.  I hook in an HDMI external monitor and plug in an SD Card and it works perfect.  It doesn't get too warm and the connections are nice and snug.  USB ports can be used to charge items as well.

	
  I went through dozens of hubs and finally decided on this one, and I'm happy that I did. I'll try to address the main points I went for this one on in the hopes that it will help some of you in making a decision. Note that I do not use the PD port, so I won't cover that in this review.Firstly, you need to decide which ports to get in a hub. I thought it would be nice having 3 standard USBs instead of 2 USBs and one USB C—just personal preference. I have 4 USB C ports already so don't need any more, so compatibility is nice. I also liked the SD card reader, although I mainly use CF cards now. Still nice to have!THE DESIGNI have to say, I was blown away by the design. The build quality feels premium. It's really nice, sleek, and as someone else mentioned, the logo looks cool. The hub is darker than it appears in the product photos—which is awesome. It blends in really well with my space gray MacBook. The port fits nicely; the wire is stiff but malleable. It goes into any position you want it to and stays there. The hub itself is really smooth, nice to hold, and looks premium. The ports are well-placed and I had absolutely no issues. The design is excellent.THE FUNCTIONALITYI have had absolutely no issues using the USB C ports on this thing. I've been able to connect two SSDs simlutanously and copied data from one to the other. The copying happeend at around 300MB/s, which is the default speed of these SSDs. No complaints at all over there. It says on the hub that the temperature can go up to 130°F (~54°C), but even with one display connecting and this much data being trasnferred, the hub has only gotten warm. If it gets too hot, then I'd suggest not using the PD port while trasnferring large amounts of data, but they state that it really shouldn't be an issue.WIFI CONNECTIVITYThis is where it gets a bit confusing, but I'm not really qualified to make any definite statements. However, I'll let you know my experience. At one point I was almost positive the hub was causing connectivity issues. But then I found out that it wasn't. I'm using it right now and it's not affecting my Wifi at all. Another review mentioned that they were having issues. My suggestion is to change your setup a bit—I don't believe the hub would be the reason for the issues.OTHER COMMENTSAll in all, I think this was a great deal. For the price I got it, I think it was a steal! I'm definitely going to be using this a lot on the go when classes start again. I'm considering getting a second one so that I can leave this one on the desk!

	
  The hub looks nice and appears to be well-made.  It has enough ports to allow me to connect all the peripherals (keyboard, mouse, etc.).  If I use the hub to also connect to my desktop monitor, the response of the peripherals will be slowed a bit.  Other than that, this is a nice gadget to help me use my Lenovo Yoga as a desktop.

	
  This ‘dock’ works great! Smaller than you think and has plug n play ease of use - at least with my MacBook. My wife uses to add a second HDMI monitor and mouse / keyboard for her Remote work and it’s been flawless thus far.

	
  Purchased so my mother could project her laptop to a larger screen. Connection was simple and completed in under 5 minutes. Would definitely recommend this purchase to anyone.

	
  I received the VAVA USB C 7-in-1 to use with my 2020 Mac Book and so far it works great.  It is compact in size and the cord is a good length for me to hide it behind my computer or to put it off to the side so it is out of my way.  It connects quickly and seems to be made of high quality materials.  I am especially happy with the thickness of the cord as it feels like it will last and not fray or break anytime soon. If my opinion changes in the negative at all I will update this review with those experiences.

	
  I received my hub today and tested it out with my Dell XPS 13 while working. Every port was functioning as expected (although the regular SD slot might be a touch off from perfectly straight, it seemed like the card was slightly off from exactly 90° to the side of the hub).Honestly, I was surprised at how nice the hub looks. I was a bit worried it would look like cheap or dull plastic, but it looks great! It's precision-cut aluminum and looks high-end to me. I haven't tested read/write speeds or charging the laptop through the hub, but it shows as charging when plugging the charging cord through the PD slot.Overall, a day in, I'm incredibly impressed with this hub.

	
  I’ll be honest, I‘ve always stuck with Anker products, but this hub exceeded my expectations (especially at this price-point). I was also skeptical about the 100W charging capabilities, but it’s able to charge my MacBook using a 96W charger without any issues, and I’m currently using the HDMI and two USB ports as well. Highly recommend.

	
  I was delightfully surprised by the build quality and also the look of this hub. I was considering alternatives that would cost twice as much but decided to go with this cheaper option based on the functionality appearing to be the same. The hub is very small and portable, space grey color and has a premium look with a simple logo.So far works the same as my official Apple usb-c adaptor but with more ports which was what I was looking for.

	
  This is perhaps the cheapest USB-C hub I could find that featured 3xUSB 3 ports.  I needed a hub that could run two USB Midi controllers and my audio interface simultaneously, and could reliably supply power to these devices (not particularly power-hungry, but when performing live music I absolutely cannot risk a dropped connection).  The HDMI-out was also a necessity.  As of yet, this device has proved to meet my needs perfectly.This review will be updated as time passes and I use it in more situations.

	
  My mother’s colleague once came to our house as a guest and suddenly said that she would work overtime and wanted to borrow my computer, but my computer was broken. But she didn't care and took the product directly from her backpack and used it to connect her mobile phone and mobile hard drive. Then I started working, and I finished the work very quickly. I think this is amazing. I bought this product under her recommendation, which is really too practical.

	
  Haven't had it to long but it's working great and lets me link all my devices together.  I've had problems in the past with devices failing but this one has a power supply plug in which i think combats most these issues. Haven't had any issues yet, the device seems very solid.  It's got a sturdy outter metal shell, I've dropped it once but didn't show any sign of wear.  I'm looking forward to using this more, Also its made by vava which has a solid reputation on its own.

	
  VAVA really makes great products! Compared with other all in one hubs, VAVA has an aluminum hard case enclosure. There are 3 useful USB 3.0 ports and one HDMI output port. Really useful if you have a MacBook, and want to connect an external display. The usb-c to HDMI pass through works properly and having the metal case can really dissipate heat well. The hub can also be used to charge your laptop if needed, but is probably unnecessary if you already have a usb c port on your laptop. Overall, I like the VAVA product line because they're usually better made versus other cheaper brands.

	
  This is the best hub I have ever had. The quality of materials is superb. I have all my USB’s in it, and they all function great. Using this device has made it real easy to have 6 USB devices in at once. It is a slim design and fits in my laptop bag without the bulk. The cord that is on this device is thick, durable and strong.

	
  This little gadget is exactly what I needed.  I bought a new laptop that only had USB-C ports.  This handy little gadget allowed me to expand to 3 USB ports to connect additional peripherals.  Plus the HDMI port was extremely handy to connect my PC to my large screen TV so that the whole family could watch my daughter's virtual graduation.  But wait, there is more.....the SD and micro SD card slots are great as they allow me to quickly copy pictures from my cameras SD card.  I couldnt be happier with this item!

	
  Small and simple hub, unbox and just plug n play.Its quite smaller than the pics, quality looks good, definetely not cheap material feel.3 USB ports helps a lot as my laptop has 2. I can attach my mouse, keyboard and any USB/charging device I need to.USB 3.0 is another advantage, for faster transfer rates in new devices/cables.I have attached my extra monitor via the HDMI cable and it works great.Instead of all the attachments( mouse, keyboard, phone charging, USB stick etc) plugged to my laptop which makes it bit uncomfortable at times, now this device handles all the plugging, which makes it easy for me if I have to move my laptop around.Definitely recommended.

	
  This hub worked great with everything I plugged in to it, hard drive , usb memory sticks, camera memory cards. Everything worked perfect no lock ups or failures. I have a new HP Spectre which has only one USB-A which I use for my mouse, and two USB-C ports, so this hub was just what I needed. Quality is excellent and I Highly recommend it.

	
  Works great! I’m pleased with being able to attach all my media to my macbook. Everything works at the speed of my devices. No lagging. This is super lightweight and great for travelling. Has a metal finish like the space grey macbook. Great value.

	
  I used this convertor to upload all of my files from an older Macbook pro to a newer one and it worked flawlessly.  I was able to use two usb-2 cables from my old Mac to the convertor and the one thunderbolt cable into my new Mac.  Couldn't have been easier.  You have to make sure that when inserting the thunderbolt cable into the female slot on your laptop, or whatever your connecting, that you push it in snugly....I heard mine actually click when secure.  Otherwise, they may fit too loose.

	
  Bought this one to replace another USB C hub that was failing on me. This one is compact, sleek, and works flawlessly. I use it for my MacBook- There is a USB C port that you can use to charge while you connect other devices. I primarily use the HDMI port to connect a secondary 4K monitor. The price was right too!

	
  The usb c hub feels great. It feels better than a 75$ usb c hub that I previously owned but broke. The usb c connection itself if very firm and does not give, which is important for the the longevity of the hub. Also, the usb c hub chassis is very firm and does not give much when given pressure which also is good for longevity but also gives you the piece of mind for when you are traveling with it in your backpack. The dongle is long enough to maneuver around things but not too long that its cumbersome. Also, it comes with a great selection of ports and they all work very well. Works for both my MacBook and my windows laptop. I have extensively used it the past couple of days and it works very well for my new MacBook Air 2020. Hasn't really gotten hot or slowed down my HDMI connection so that there would be buffers. Great purchase for $30. From my experience with more expensive usb c hubs, this is a great buy. Def would recommend

	
  I'm using this to connect a monitor and another USB hub to my laptop. It works great!The nicest thing about this setup is that I can quickly change USB-C cables to connect another laptop. So I've bought a couple of extensions, and my fiance can now use the desk with her laptop easily, just by switching a single cable.It was so practical, I bought a second one :)

	
   I need multiple options. This USB -C hub has it all. I can connect my NOTE 10+ 5G to a seprate screen for Samsung Dex. I can also add a usb mouse, usb keyboard and a usb drive and use my phone just like a computer.I have a few usb-c to hdmi adapters, but again, this one that includes the usb connections AND I can charge my phone at the same time. This is a win, win.Did I mention this is a VAVA Product? They make some great products

	
  I am always running out of USB ports on my laptop. This thing is a life saver at times. It works really well. It’s lightweight. It has a lot of extra ports. It is easy to pack up with my laptop and take with me. It doesn’t feel cheaply made. If you are looking for an extra USB port this one is a good one.

	
  This usbc hub is smaller and lighter than similar hubs which would make it great for traveling (e.g. keeping in a shoulder bag).Like so many of these hubs, I'm unable to get it to reliably work with my Microsoft Sculpt Mouse and Keyboard. Specifically with the mouse, it doesn't process the signal fast enough and the cursor jumps across the screen as if my monitor frame rate was 10 fps instead of 30 or 60. However' customer service was outstanding and it works with all of my other peripherals.

	
  This was a highly rated USB-C hub with HDMI video out that was also very affordable. A huge plus was for me was that it was delivered the next day!I was intending to use all three of the USB 3.0 ports to connect external 2.5" hard disks to make a RAID 0, however, not as a limitation of the product, but rather the USB standards, not enough power could be delivered to power more than one (unpowered) external disk. If each disk had it's own powered case, I'm sure this would not have been an issue. Instead, I ended up only connecting a single unpowered disk and a second monitor to my Mac Mini 2020, having to connect two of the other disks directly to the computer and the final disk to another adapter I had purchased from OWC. (Note: I do not have a MacBook with a separate charger that I could have plugged into the PD port. So unsure if that would have allowed more disks to be powered...)The monitor/HDMI output was almost the most important thing for me (cost was first). There are still a couple of unused ports that I can plug low-power devices into, so glad to have them.

	
  Bought this for my MAC. The model I chose has an hdmi port, few usb 3 ports and a memory card slot.Out of the box, I was surprised to see how slick the hub was! The hub has direct power pass through line which delivers~ 95% of MACs charging capabilities. The memory card reader is really fast. I was able to copy 70 gigs worth of data from a class 10 in very less time. HDMI port works as designed. No lags, signal losses. Overall this hub adds flexibility and at this price, this is a no brainer.

	
  The Vava USB C Hub 7-in-1 USB is perfect for my needs.  I use it with my iPad Pro 2020 and it works perfectly.  I only need 3 USB ports so it’s great.  If I should need more in the future I will look for this brand again.  It arrived on time and worked perfectly eight out of the box.

	
  This USB-C hub works well. It connects to computer and can give charge to external devices (through wire connection). The maximum output of USB 3.0 is 1.8A/9W. Devices with higher than 7.5W are not supported. Overall it is a great product that feels well made. It is light and has a nice sleek design.

	
  I really like how universal this product is, I have used some usb type c hubs from other companies when connecting my ereader to my MacBook and it would never appear in my files application. With Vava's hub type c, my MacBook detected it instantly. Furthermore I really like the material for the type c hub, it really is metal and not just some gray plastic covering, making it feel even better. Additionally, it's really portable, and I like this because I tend to pack a lot of things when I'm going somewhere so that is a plus! Lastly, they even offer extra warranty for free when you register your Vava usb type c hub at their website, I really appreciate how thorough they are in their products!

	
  I bought this USB-C hub last week, I'm so happy about this product now. This hub turns 1 USB-c port into 7 different ports: 3 USB 3.0 ports; 1 HDMI port; 1 PD charging port; 1 TF card reader and 1 SD card reader. I tested it many times and it works really great, it is easy to use and compatible both with my Windows laptop and my friend's Mac computer. You just need to plug it in a USB-c port and you can use the other 7 ports immediately and simultaneously. Also, the size of the hub is smaller than a cell phone so it is very portable, I think the aluminum alloy case is very durable so it is really easy to carry if you travel a lot.

	
  Really like this product. I bought this for my wife's new MacBook Air and it's great. I have a similar kind of product I bought a year ago and now I wish I had this, since it's way more slick and streamlined. This is also half the price of some of the other products I have seen. Highly recommend.

	
  This is an extremely versatile & compact USB-C Hub; perfect for on the go. Very light weight and the metal housing feels to be built to withstand heavy daily usage. I would recommend this USB-C Hub to anyone switching to USB-C devices, as it supports anything I’ve tried plugging it into. Excellently assembled product!

	
  I already had an USB hub before I got this and I loved mine, but I did not had a memory card outlet and that started making thing more difficult for me.This one is small and super super light, it is really portable. I uploaded some pictures, so you can have a 360 idea of the hub. There is 3 usb entrances, 1 HDMI, 2 card slots (one for the big memory card and another for the small one) and also a PD outlet (the “only Apple” outlet). This hub is perfect especially if you work or study and need to move your Mac around. For my needs it has all the outlets you could need.

	
  First fo all that package arrived pretty fast. I open it and there was pretty good wrapping for usb c hub. The usb c hub was  good that making with shining smooth metal. Personally I prefer electrical stuff make with metal than plastic.I had a Mac mini that came with two USB port, now have few more USB port. I have used it a week. Everything was doing perfect. I found a  different way to used it which it worked on battery bank. Now I shared battery with family when going to hiking and park. That's awesome!

	
  I primarily needed this for an old unpowered external hard drive. Basic USB hubs don't deliver enough power to operate the drive. This hub does deliver enough power for the drive to work. It's been very helpful to transfer data onto a newer drive.In addition, my other primary uses for the hub are HDMI for an external monitor and micro SD card slot. Both work with no problems.The build quality / aluminum casing is also nice and solid, unlike cheap plastic hubs. Definitely happy with the product and will be using it frequently.

	
  I am actually surprised by the size of the USB-C hub. With so many ports and functionality, the size of the hub is way smaller than I think of. It is also light weighted, which is perfect if you need to use it on the go. The build quality is good with metal case for both the hub body and connector.About the ports, it comes with all the ports I ever needed to use. I like the fact that it can deliver the power and transfer data/HDMI video at the same time, so that you can plug everything into the hub and connect to your laptop with a single USB-C cable. The extra TF/SD card slots are handy when you need them and the usb ports can do whatever you want.

	
  This product is much better than I expected. I've been using it for a few days and the laptop I recently purchased doesn't have enoush ports because I have to use something an the same time .I need to bring my . laptop to the branch office . I need to piug in headphones and keyboard adapyers all the time .SO I plugged it into this socket so  I could connect both my Model A USB device and  my monitor to the USB port on my laptop . This is quality product with quality and portability.

	
  I didn’t know what to expect from this product other than it had good reviews and features that I wanted. Upon arrival I am very impressed with the build quality and glad to see that is not cheap plastic made to look nice. It has a nice hand feel and hopefully will perform well.

	
  This compact, lightweight hub is perfect for traveling with a laptop/device! I was looking for one hub for all of my small devices to connect to, and this definitely does the job. It does not over heat with use, and it is easily connected to the computer. I did not need to use for an SD card, but did test and it worked just fine!

	
  I had previously purchased a Samsung docking device to use Dex through my phone. The Samsung device arrived, but did not work. Didn't charge, wouldn't connect, nothing.I decided to take a chance with this device and was instantly impressed from the moment it arrived. Professional packaging, great design, easily portable, and way more features. As soon as I plugged this in to my device and tv, it instantly recognized it and worked seamlessly. Just fantastic. I will be recommending this device to everyone. No complaints.

	
  This is a fantastic USB-C hub for a price way better than a lot of other competitors.  This has more than enough ports to make up for the lack of physical ports on most of the new laptops.  I have had no issues whatsoever after almost 2 weeks of use.  The build quality is also a plus, this feels sturdy and well made, also matches very well if you have a space grey computer.  I’ve recommended this hub to family and friends who are struggling with the lack of ports on their computers.

	
  With COVID-19 I've had to work at home a LOT, every day, much more than my usual once per month.  With this in mind I wanted to utilize my two large home monitors, but the work laptop just had one HDMI port.  With the VAVA hub, I am able to use both monitors, and also a regular mouse and keyboard.  The adapter has worked very well with my Dell laptop.  The adapter, while small in size, feels well made, it's nice and hefty - and the USB-C cable seems sturdy too.

	
  The splitter that has been used is sent before. It is often disconnected repeatedly. The connection is unstable. It feels very bad every time it is used. It takes a lot of time. This kind of splitter has been used for several days and is very stable. It has never been disconnected in the middle of the line. It can be used safely and improve the work efficiency. And small design, easy to carry, and fashionable appearance. Like it. I also like the delivery speed and brother service.

	
  Pick this hub of all makers because of my vava ast projector. I like this type of hub more than those plug into MacBook Pro as  extension part. Only occupied one C port and I still got another one with extra space between hub and MacBook Pro. I can see all usb flash drive I plug on hub instantly. HDMI is good. Should have got the one including Ethernet. 7-1 is pretty good enough for everyday use.

	
  I've gone through multiple USB C hubs and a lot of them all advertise multiple things and the same things, but knowing VAVA and their quality of work (I have their 4K projector), this product works wonders. Definitely recommend their products!

	
  Works as advertised. I like how sleek and simple it is. So far everything has been working.

	
  love this to adapt to my new laptop - just wish the cord was longer - otherwise, perfect!

	
  Great product, the USB answer is fast and clean. I have another one but I always lose connection with my computer and this is sucks special with you play a lot of game, like I do. So if you a gamer and want to have more room for controllers, I recommend 100%

	
  This adapter/hub has been a LIFESAVER with covid teleworking and my uncooperative mac ports! Thank you for saving my career!!

	
  This hub is lightweight, fairly priced, and has all the ports you will need for connecting it to secondary displays, using flash drives, charging other devices, and more—and it can fit cozily into any book bag or laptop case. Very lightweight and packable. Seems to be made of durable materials. Connects easily to the computer and to whatever you might plug into it.

	
  Got this hub for my new macbook pro and it works perfect.  Read a lot of reviews before choosing this one and this one is definitely the best out there especially for it size.  Great quality and would highly recommend it and will definitely be buying again.

	
  Looks nice. It works as advertised

	
  I have so many things that I still need to connect and there is no way I could have backed everything up without this little device.

	
  The USB-C hub is very good. It works very well with my Ipad pro for usb keyboard and mouse. The HDMI port works with my monitor. The product comes well packaged and feels very high-quality, not your average hub.  It's a great product, and I would definitely recommend it.

	
  Lightweight and works fine. Great for travel. Choose this over a larger USB Hub.Would be even better if had one more USB port.

	
  I have tested out all the ports and they all work as they should. Right away, I can tell the product is made with high quality material and has premium finish. Color exactly matches my new Space Gray Macbook Pro, which I love.

	
  Could tell the minute i opened the package, it was very nice material and nicely made. As soon as i plugged it in, it was working and i connected my computer to my tv via HDMI with no issues!

	
  Very portable and fulfills what I need at a very affordable price. To be clear, you are not getting the versatility and durability of what a $300 thunderbolt-3 dock gets you; however, it is quite unbeatable at its price point.

	
  This product provides exactly what it promises. I have trie many USB-C HUBs and had to return a lot as they don't travel well or won't actually process multiple devices at once. This device has shown it can handle exporting to my hard drive, USB, run a monitor, charge my computer, and run my wireless keyboard/mouse set up. Overall really happy with this product and glad I found it.

	
  This is exactly what I was looking for. Saved me over $100 because without this bad boy I would have to buy all new USB C accessories for my MacBook. Small, lightweight, portable size perfect for transporting from home to work. I recommend!

	
  I got the product as soon as it was delivered and tested it instantly, the quality looks really high end and expensive and performance is great, all slots are functional. Thank you.

	
  I’m super impressed with this hub.  My MacBook Air only has USB C ports and I’ve used this to run two external drives and a USB mouse at the same time. It also powered an external DVD player without any supplemental power input. The HDMI works great too for screen mirroring and movie streaming.

	
  t takes a long time to use the computer every day, and it often needs to use USB interface to connect USB disk or other devices. However, the original interface is rarely enough. With this hub, it is much more convenient and easy to use.

	
  Easily ticks in my backpack for storage. Great for watching movies.In addition, it also has a port that can be used to connect HDMI. These functions are very effective, the quality is also very good.

	
  My new laptop only had 2 USB ports. To plug in more than just a mouse and keyboard this product was necessary. I can now get another monitor hooked up and still have multiple USB ports for use.

	
  I especially want to connect a small TV to my device to get a bigger screen. I found the device and decided to give it a try. It's great! The design is small, but it has all the ports needed for a temporary home office setup. At this price, it can save costs. Highly recommended-I have been using it for about 2 weeks.

	
  Awesome usbc Hub. I use this every day and so far it's great. Many uses for me

	
  Great form factor! HDMI functionality works really well. Keeping it in my bag for all my off site presentations.

	
  I use my laptop often to project presentations and charge USB A devices. This usb C hub turned out to not just work well for that, but also came at a great price! The data transfer speeds are good and I definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a multi port hub.

	
  This is exactly the 7-in-1 multi-functional hub I am looking for. I can use almost every function of it. I have tried several interfaces, but there is no problem. Moreover, it will not overheat during use. I am very satisfied at present. I like that it can work like this all the time.

	
  This worked AWESOME for my daughter's new college Apple laptop. It's thinner than most too, so it's not as bulky and cumbersome as the others. Works very well for us.

	
  Product arrived one day later than expected but it’s understandable due to the current circumstances with COVID 19. Great product, it totally fulfills my needs. Nice design, easy to carry for traveling. I would definitely look into other products that they might offer.

	
  Product works great, just as expected. The HDMI port is awesome and you can charge your mac while using all the ports.

	
  This is a great usb-c hub. It's very strong on the outside, made of some kind of metal, and the plug is made of a strong material, and it's great. Plug and play, no software is required. In general, this is a well structured product with excellent performance!

	
  It does not need any set up. I transfer about 10GB of pictures in no more than 2 minutes. Small enough for easy storage, but big enough that it does not get lost very easily.

	
  The workmanship is good and the texture is good. It is very comfortable to hold in your hand. Fast transmission speed and reliable connection. Beautiful appearance, strong and durable, high cost performance. Compatibility with computers is also great.

	
  It is very small so it is very convenient to put it in your backpack! There are many connections. I have not tried all of them but it works perfect for connecting my laptop to the monitor.

	
  I am very satisfied with this product, the price is affordable and very original, and makes me very satisfied with this product, I will invite all my friends to shop at this shop

	
  It is such a great, compact way to get all the usbs off my laptop and into one place. Works well! I have my monitor, webcam, mouse, and keyboard all plugged into the hub. Highly recommend!

	
  Using on a MacBook Air 2020 with only USB-C ports. I have a 24" HP screen connected via HDMI as well as keyboard & mouse all the time. Very easy to pack up & take on the go.

	
  When I need to connect to other devices, I search for products on the Internet. This evaluation is very high, so I bought it. When I get it, it's really easy to use

	
  Bought it to use with my Macbook Air 2019, specifically for recording my guitar with a focusrite scarlette audio interface

	
  So very simple and easy to use.  Replaced my 2 apple adapters with just this one.  Perfect use.  Fast delivery, even in the time of Covid.  Pick one up, you won't be sorry.

	
  It's a great multi-functional hub, and I've tried several of them. This is a good choice in terms of data transfer rate and ease of use.

	
  Great product, highly recommend!!

	
  Great hub! Solid feel! Matches MacBook perfectly! Can connect all my devices!  Highly recommended! 5 stars!

	
  Great design, quality and matches the Macbook grey color!! Very portable and easy to carry

	
  Very very aesthetic product... legit branding as well. I didn't expect it to be so nicely made and compact.

	
  From the initial impressions, I am impressed and look forward to using it. I like sturdy design. Compared with plastics, I prefer metal, I am very satisfied!

	
  No complaints. Product does what it says.

	
  Material seems sturdy, cable is solid, and good selection of ports. Worked well as expected.

	
  I received it in 24 hours!  Works great!

	
  Good solid product, working exactly as advertised.

	
  Sufficiently small, great quality! Excellent price!Highly recommend it !

	
  Love this product! Works better than expected and makes everything super easy.

	
  I've had a few of the cheaper alternatives to this item but they never worked out that well. This one is high quality and works great!

	
  Great Product! Work perfectly well with my Pixelbook Go! Highly recommended!!

	
  Got this for my work-from-home setup, and it works flawlessly! Very fast shipping too. Thanks so much for this product.

	
  I bought it cause i needed an hdmi for my mac and it delivered. Good product.

	
  Very good

	
  wonderful.......

	
  Very good quality, easy to carry with my Mac. Highly Recommend!

	
  Got the product next day and it's exactly what the advertised.

	
  It helped expand my chromebook!!

	
  Great compact design!  Just received but works as advertised.

	
  I am setting up my MacBook Pro and the adapter is perfect. I can transfer my work now easily. Thank you for Vava USB adapter

	
  Tried out, each interface is very sensitive, just installed in the response, the appearance of small and convenient to carry

	
  This is bought for office use. It can match my equipment. I have been using it for a period of time without any abnormality.

	
  7 in 1 function is very practical, most of these functions I can use, I tried every socket, can be used normally, link speed is very fast.

	
  I have used it after getting it, but for price and manufacturing quality, I am not sure you will get a better deal. These are really great

	
  Perfect quality with a nice solid dark metal feel on the body of the item and matches newer MBP 2020 perfect.

	
  Great product, highly recommend!!!

	
  thankfully this product works exactly as advertised and has caused me no issues in my first month of owning it. will update after 6 months have passed.

	
  It's well packaged, delivered quickly, and its sleek, sleek look helps transform memory cards and USB drives into the new MacBook Pro. I highly recommend this.

	
  Hub cost-effective, suitable for office use, wire is also very thick, compatibility is very good, 3.0 terminal, very fast.

	
  I love this product! It is the perfect thing for my MacBook Air. I have been needing one of these for so long and when I got it, needless to say it was life changing. Bravo!

	
  Woww, Nice Product Original Quality , I like It Thanks

	
  This product is very useful. I am able to attach all of my accessories to my MacBook Pro.

	
  Item was shipped quickly, and is able to be delivered tomorrow. A good price and a great idea!

	
  Bought for use on my Macbook Pro.  Works as intended and looks good, no issues to report.

	
  Not only is this a great usb-c hub, priced reasonably. It looks sleek and it is evident that it is of high quality. Highly recommend!

	
  Very convenient and useful. Lightweight and good for travel.

	
  Performance and design are the best. VAVA brand is the best

	
  Was able to use this product to connect my camera to my MacBook Air.  Fixed the problem!

	
  Very good working item. works with Dell XPS 13 7390, 9300. and Lenovo X1.

	
  The build is quality and does exactly what it says it does. It is lighter and smaller than expected which makes this an even better product.

	
  This hub is small but powerful and convenient!

	
  Such a great device and works very well with my Apple Macbook Pro...Highly Recommended !

	
  It works very well, and feels durable yet compact at the same time. Everything is as advertised- I'd recommend this to anyone that needs some additional ports like I did

	
  This is a really good usb drive,I have a hdmi port for it which is also a nice bonus

	
  This product is made well. It works perfectly fine. I like that it has a lot of ports.

	
  Cable feels well made, definitely better than the original apple adapter which lost HDMI connection every time I move my MacBook a little.

	
  Great build quality made out of aluminum has nice tight plugs and good cord. Very pleased with purchase! I seen similar ones at best buy for $100 plus that were plastic.

	
  Great product for the price, will be purchasing more from you. Thank you.

	
  Works as advertised. Highly recommend.

	
  I like the size of this product very much, I can hold it easily, the quality is very good, especially its fine workmanship. What pleases me most is the high transmission speed of the interface.

	
  Connect immediately, no problem, and somehow do more than the other products I purchased. A+ products as always. Worth a few extra money. All connectors work like charm.

	
  Looks grate and working perfect.Highly recommend Buy this product!!

	
  Highly recommend this usb hub very good price and a useful product!!

	
  Compact hub that completes my laptop turning into my home study space! It’s great being able to connect an extra monitor, wireless mouse, charger, speakers, as well as keep my MacBook charging!

	
  I've used quite a lot of USB hubs but none quite like this. The build quality and the number of ports really just shine in this product. Highly recommend!

	
  Product works exactly as intended. It is thin and feels solid. Very happy

	
  Excellent design. Works well with my MacBook air 2020.

	
  The adapter is very good and works well. The quality of the product is decent and it is capable of charging the laptop while acting as an adapter. Overall, it is a great product.

	
  Product arrived next day and is a great replacement for someone who is thinking about getting a full dock. Charges just as fast as when plugged into wall.

	
  Great product, HIGHLY RECOMMEND!

	
  In the past few days, I have used this hub and it works well and matches my Macbook Pro. The design is very stylish and looks very sturdy. You can connect your phone to hdmi and it works great so far!

	
  My MacBook Pro has only two ports and can use this feature. So far, it's been great - I can plug in an external drive, charge my phone, connect to an external display using HDMI.

	
  This USB C HUB connects all my devices, great product!! Very easy to use.

	
  I've tried several hubs for my MacBook and finally found one that was great, didn't overheat, nor messed with my laptop's wifi! I've had it for about 6 weeks now, and it's worked great. 4K output is great too. So happy with my purchase

	
  it can perfectly match my MACBOOK PRO, now there are no problems. The read / write speeds connected to the USB 3.0 port are impressive. It is perfect for daily office and travel.

	
  Light weight.  Good price.  Works well.

	
  Bought for my laptop, the texture is good, the heat dissipation function is better, but also can drive the speed of the hard drive, so that when I play games, I can connect the keyboard and mouse together.

	
  Solid build quality, ports work at full speed/voltage. Exactly as described.

	
  It's super compact. biggest advantage is that it has 3 USB3  ports.  Connection time is also super

	
  It's a pretty good hub. It's solid to the touch and doesn't feel cheap. All the ports I need it for work and it's very inconspicuous on my desk because it's not large. Pretty good all around

	
  Card reader is good, good workmanship, tried out a good!It's what I want, so it's not so difficult to read the card. Large and small can be plugged into a card reader, which is very convenient

	
  Has the best set of features for the size and for the cost.  Nicely made

	
  This great little adapter currently had a recharger for my FIT, two external HDs (though I plug my SSD directly into the laptop), and still has room for me to use an SD card. It's a workhorse! It's so great, I bought a second one for my work laptop!

	
  It was delivered on time and packed well. I took a lot of videos and pictures, so I need a hub like this to connect multiple memory cards, SD cards, etc. The hub is very suitable for me, I am very satisfied with the product!

	
  I bought a hub for the iPad pro, connected it to a 24-inch monitor, and connected a USB keyboard and mouse to the tablet, and it worked well. My equipment is worth the money and worth buying!

	
  I like the size portability of the product. It is a quality material, not cheap feeling at all. I am using the product for connecting my homebred studio to my MacBook which has no connecting ports accept 1 c-usb. I am very satisfied with the product and I recommend it to anyone who is looking for an affordable good quality usb-c hub.

	
  The USB C Hub Multiport Adapter - 7 in 1 Portable Space Aluminum Dongle with 4K HDMI Output, 3 USB has preformed well. HDMI, USB and SD hubs each work well. It is large enough that I don’t lose it and small enough that it is portable.

	
  Wow this usb hud is awesome, the slick look and feel is really nice. It matches my MacBook beautiful. The the many ports it has for to do school work and also the added hdmi Port to connect And watch movies

	
  Delivery was fast and efficient! Product well packaged, and solved my problem. Didn't realize that my new MacBook Air didn't have USB ports!

	
  Very good build quality. The cable is perfect length.

	
  Bought one to set up my workstation using a macbook pro.  It has all the ports I need (HDMI for monitor, USB-A for mouse and keyboard, USB-C for another input such as power).  The item's build quality is solid, and it's smaller and slimmer than I expected, which is not intrusive at all for cable management.  Overall a great product.

	
  Love the VAVA C hub. I have had it for a few days and everything works perfectly. The look is sleek and aesthetically pleasing making it a great accessory to your laptop.  Its hard to find a hub for this cheap with this many port that looks good too.

	
  I bought a new macbook pro, it only has 2 type-c ports, so I bought this docking station to carry out my design work. I need an HDMI port to connect to a larger screen, and a USB port to connect an external hard drive. So far, it has worked very well, and the reading and writing speed is also good. I am satisfied with this purchase.

	
  Arrived early.  Good packaging.  Easy to use.  Works very well.  When plugged in does not interfere with the other ports and allows for more add ons.

	
  This is a great little adaptor that's ready to travel. The hub is actually thinner than the laptop the Ethernet adaptor swivels up when you need the connection saving space. I was able to charge the laptop and a phone at the same time via the USB adaptor. One thing is that there's a lot of power going through the unit so it can get warm. I'd keep it on a desk with good ventilation. All in all a good buy.

	
  I'm really becoming a big fan of VAVA! Everything I've gotten from them has been great! This adapter is no different. It's the best USB-C adapter I've used, and I've used a several. Great design and no noise like I've had with most. Love that the connector cable is a couple inches longer than others. Great product!!

	
  With 3 usb inputs, another usb-c input that i use for my macbook charger, and an hdmi input, this is the best adapter overall for the cost; I couldn't find any other product that could beat the price for what it offers. I regularly use all the inputs at the same time and have no problems and the adapter stays secure in the usb-c port in my laptop without coming loose.

	
  Wanted a simple dongle for my Google Pixelbook to use a second display. This fits the bill and more. I don't need ethernet, otherwise I would have purchased the 9-in-1. This is everything I need in an attractive package. Easy to transport. Would recommend.

	
  It is different from other products, it has a very powerful function, it can not only charge your electronic device, but also read your card while charging.It was my first time to touch such a device, but I was pleasantly surprised by it.Especially when my friend needed to recharge his computer and make a worksheet reader card, and I took it out, they would say this is a great product.

	
  I have a ton of ports, this is the best one that I've purchased. It is light weight and easy to use. The compatibility and versatility is incredible. Now I can throw the others away.

	
  I had issues with an older model, but customer service reached out and fixed all the issues without hesitation. Highly recommend

	
  The product had easy to take off packaging and for the price you get a variety of uses.  It is small, fits in the palm of my hand, and lightweight but feels durable. The wire is a bit stiff to maneuver but I think over time it will start to loosen up.

	
  I am using an external monitor and a keyboard with a mac and this connector was handy to connect all of them because the new macs only come with usbc portsThe VAVA USB C hub is doing a great job. Plus it has extra spots for connecting sdcards if I need in the future. so thats a bonus. the build quality looks good and the color goes well with my grey mac

	
  Everything has been working great so far. So much if fact, that I've recommended this USB Hub to everyone at my work. We are all stuck using Chromebooks at home, so this little hub has allowed us to work with an actual readable sized monitor without spending a fortune.

	
  Finally found the perfect companion to my Dell XPS13!  Love the solid build of the unit and how compact it is too!  Wish I had found this sooner as travelling would have been much less cumbersome with just one attachment like this one.  I love that the HDMI port is on the end and allows for multiple gadgets to be connected all at the same time.  Life's little conveniences made possible by this unit!

	
  Tested it on Windows Laptop and MacBook. it works perfectly. I was looking for to meet the categories:1) USB-C connector to my laptop.2) Power-in with another USB-C port.3) HDMI port.4) Three USB 2/3 ports..5) SD/MicroSD card slots.In addition I don't want it to have other ports that I will not use in order to reduce size, e.g. VGA/DVI ports, Ethernet port, sound port etc.

	
  This addition to my MacBook completes any additional needs. It’s the perfect configuration for accessing my others devices and when removed keeps my laptop the portable on the go device that I needed! I would recommend this as a quality purchase!

	
  I was able to successfully use this for my Macbook Pro and my iPad Pro without issues. The device feels very substantial and made with quality. Solves my problems with moving pictures from my camera while traveling!

	
  Very sturdy and solid construction- and lightweight for travel. Has all the important ports I need for my MacBook Pro including a SD card reader which won me over this product. Gets detected fast and no need installing any drivers or so - just plug and ready to use right away! Built to last long and very professional looking. Have been using past 1 month, no detection issues at all - works flawlessly.

	
  Just received my USB-C hub and tried it out with my new MacBook Pro. It works well with USB devices. But what I am most impressed with is the HDMI connection. It's really nice to project my screen to my TV and the picture quality is great. I also plugged in my SD card and was able to transfer my photos instantly. This is a great price compared to other items I shopped for. I will keep this with me everywhere I go with my MacBook. I hughly suggest picking one up. Thanks!

	
  Got it today, was shipped quickly and arrived quickly.  So far it works well (only used USB A and C outlets), would recommend it to others.

	
  This product works as advertised.  Solid case, not cheap plastic. Works on my MacBook Pro.  I used it as a hub to connect to a second screen display using the HDMI port and micro disc flash drive to back up my work.

	
  So now that most of us is working from home, this amazing gadget is making our life so much easier.I am working from home with Dell Laptop and I have on 2 USB Exits (I know - how can it be?!!). Anyway, this Hub is a game changer! so Excited for getting this. I connect a mouse, keyboard, printer, another monitor (HDMI). It's easy to connect (very user friendly). light weight.

	
  This hub is durable and is worth every penny! Works perfectly with Mac and IPad.1. Plug and play: No need any installation.2. 3x USB ports3. PD charging: Charging through hub works well.4. HDMI: Works perfectly at 4K.5. SD and micro SD6. Nice metalic finish7. 12 months warranty

	
  I bought 3 for all my Macbook Pros and they worked as I was hoping they would! Fantastic price compared to other brands that claim to do the same thing. Build quality is great and well-packaged like an Apple product! I would buy I agin!

	
  I just got a new iPad and of course they changed the cords to the usb c cord. This attachment is awesome. We can plug it in pretty much anywhere. This now gives us full access to all our devices with the new iPad. Totally worth the $$$. No issues so far!

	
  Since my iPad Pro only has one USB-C port, having the Vava USB hub was helpful. One of the downsides of the new Mac products, such as the iPad Pro is this singular port, which does not allow charging while listening to music on headphones, for example. Another useful thing was having the HDMI capability. This allows me to use the iPad Pro to plug into a projector to show films and/or videos. Having the three USB ports is also useful in case you needed peripherals while using the projector (plugging into an external hard drive, speakers, or a microphone, etc.). Additionally, the quality of the transfer from my iPad to the external hard drive did not suffer while uploading a video to my hard drive. Overall, the Vava USB C hub is a great multi-functional adapter that extends the capabilities of any device that has limited USB-C external connections listed on its description.

	
  I was skeptical but this works beautifully. I have connected my 4k monitor, Jabra evolve 80, Logitech webcam from my Mac book pro with Mac OS Catalina. Also connected is the MacBook 96w power adapter. Highly recommend.

	
  This adapter hub is not only powerful, it’s super fast. I’m using with Chromebook and it’s pretty straightforward and surprisingly seamless to integrate into my daily work routines.It has varied ports and can do almost everything but the dishes. When pushing data the speeds or transfer rate is faster than anything I’ve seen. Makes me wish I had bought much sooner than now. It also has memory card slots for the most common types of memory chips.

	
  Very lightweight, good value for the price. I like the silver to match my MacBook Pro. Easy to carry, plugs in easy to the computer. The ports work very fast (USB 3). I haven't tried the SD card reader yet but got it for backup since most laptops don't have that feature anymore and I Want to be able to save photos off my digital camera. Overall great value--I only need to carry this one adapter for all my needs (USB, flash drives, hard drives, video HDMI)

	
  The VAVA hub is lightweight and works perfectly.  I can plug into one of the USB-C ports on my Mac (Thunderbolt 3 if you are an Apple geek) and now my functionality is greatly expanded.  Running my HDMI, multiple USB 3.0 lines, and, importantly, my power in, through one port!  Leaves the others open.  Easily carried with me, it does everything I need including the occasional SD flash card reading when I take photos. Price was more than fair.

	
  Bought multiple devices to hook up to my Mac Book but this one provides me everything I need in one compact package. It is small and compact but big enough to feel like I am not going to break off the connections in the computer if some one hits or bumps me. It is excellent for travel. I currently purchased a second one to use in my office as a docking station.

	
  The USB-C Hub is a very nicely designed and sized USB Hub. My other hub stopped working and actually I am quite pleased that it did because this one gives me a better picture on my 2nd monitor and the HDMI connection actually works.Previously I thought my laptop graphics card did not have the power to push out good quality video via the HDMI connection but I was wrong the issue was the USB hub.The USB-C Hub has a small footprint, looks and feels cool and does what it is supposed to do and does it well.

	
  Love this docking station it works great with my Lenovo laptop allowing me to have more than just 2 USB ports and lets me have another screen to work with and charges my laptop.  With my s10e I can charge my phone, hook up the HDMI to my TV for screen-sharing and Samsung Dex and hook up my controllers making it the perfect portable emulator for parties.  Lastly I expected this to be warmer but it stays cool and works well.

	
  I bought this mostly for the HDMI port, but I've been pleasantly surprised at just how well this does its job. The transfer of power from the compatible USB-C port works exactly as you'd expect, and the remaining ports on the device perform exactly as they should.Build quality is top-notch, and given Anker's solid record with both quality and customer service, I've got no doubt I'm in good hands if something goes wrong (though I doubt it will). The device also comes with a small travel pouch for the adaptor, which I can see very much coming in handy if away for a conference or similar.It's pricey, but all in all I believe the price is justified by the quality. Very happy with this.

	
  I bought this to use as a one connection docking station. This thing screams high data rate transfer and makes my old usb hub look like something from the dark ages. Very sleek looking in the design and doesn’t make my micro usb thumb drive overheat like some usb hubs do. It did a complete drive backup so fast, I didn’t even realize it had finished. I like its small footprint in size and doesn’t take up a lot of room while using it or on the go.

	
  I bought this USB-C hub for my Macbook and iPad Pro.This one supports 100W charging and also provides 3 USB-A, 1 USB-C, 1 HDMI, 1 SD card & micro-SD card.For the price, I think it worths every penny spent.After using it several days, I think I still prefer the cable to be even shorter (it is 17cm long as in the photo) so that it can be easier to carry for me. But not a big concern for me.Except for that, I have no complaint about it. Generally, I am satisfied with the product.It is compatible with all my apple products.

	
  Awesome, just what I needed. I bought this to connect my audio interface, phone, and other devices to my MacBook. Because there’s only two ports on my Mac they run out quick, also being able to charge at the same time is nice. The build quality is really nice, being made out of aluminum I’m guessing it’s a tad heavy (which I like) it feels quality. It came packaged very nicely too.  Overall no connection problems or problems in general great buy.

	
  I've tried every connection on my VAVA USB C Hub and they work perfectly with my iPad Pro 11 inch 2018 tablet. It is nice to have 3 instead of two USB 3.0 ports and also to have the USB C charging port. The size and build quality of this hub is ideal. It looks very nice and the finish matches my Space Grey iPad.  If it also had a standard 3.5mm headphone jack that would be a plus but I realized there would be rare instances where I would need that port when this hub is being used.  Instead I got a separate USB C to 3.5mm adapter with a built in DAC for any future air travel or personal home viewing to not disturb others.  Very happy with my purchase and if I update to an Macbook Pro that only has USB C ports I'm all set.

	
  Vava is churning out a darn good usb-c hub. I bought it for the MacBook air and I am able to run my monitor, charge an iPhone, my apple watch, and power my computer all from the hub. The SD card reader has come in handy also. I would def buy again and highly recommend if you have multiple USB peripherals. It comes with 3 USB slots which

	
  My wife purchased this hub and loved it so much that I decided to purchase one for my own Macbook as well. It does not heat up like my old usb adapter, and allows me to plug in multiple peripherals easily.

	
  The adapter does everything I need it to do. It has a short cord so it is designed to be used with a laptop. I use mine with my desktop so I had to buy a male/female extension cable. If you have to buy one also, read the reviews of the cable carefully. The first cable I bought would not allow the adapter to be found by my computer. People had written about this in the reviews of the cable.

	
  The build quality is solid and the charging pass-through charges my chromebook at the same rate as if it were plugged directly in. My only complaint is that it gets warm after using the pass-through with multiple devices plugged in over time, but that is addressed with a warning label and does not seem to impact performance.

	
  The product is able to do everything as advertised. I have a 2018 MacBook Pro and I plugged an external drive, flashdrive, and microphone into this and it worked wonderfully! I found that when I plugged my web camera in though in place of the external drive the web cam would freeze (assuming from too much load going through the adapter). This is not a problem with the adapter I don't think because every adapter I've had has done it, I was mostly curious if it could handle both.

	
  Does everything it says it does! My computer seems to think that it's not getting enough power from this, but still charging fine so.... I've got no problems with it!

	
  I just received the Vava UC017 USB-C hub today and it does what I need it to do. It seems solidly built. The hub is about four inches long and the cord is about six inches. It has 3 USB 3.0; HDMI; USB-C; SD; and microSD ports. I tested all but the SD ports.I purchased this because it was the upgraded model of top choice of The Wirecutter's Nov 19, 2019 USB-C Hub article. This is my first VAVA purchase and I hope it will give me years of service.

	
  This product is far better built than expected. The item is a must-have for anyone with a computer that only has USB C ports. It works perfectly and I have zero complaints.

	
  Great little hub! Using this to connect a couple extra SSD hard drives to quickly copy stuff over etc. Fast, gets the job done, looks good as well!The extra functionalities are very welcome as well; there's an SD card reader, an HDMI port, and even a Macbook charger port, so I can use it for my desktop Mac as well as my Macbook.It literally plugs in and works. Really nice. Might get another one soon cause they tend to come in handy when traveling a lot.

	
  This Vava all-in-one usb-c hub is what I was looking for my iPad Pro. The design is very sleek and compact. All the ports work as they should. It doesn’t take up much space with all the ports. It is excellent for your travel needs as it fits into a battery carry case. I highly recommend this usb-c hub for anyone looking for a high quality all-in-one hub.

	
  This is a great purchase for my device. I wanted to add additional ports to my type C laptop since I only have 2 ports. This gave me a HDMI, 3 USB 3.0, Micro SD, SD, and type C PD. From the listing, this nailed everything I needed. It was a great solution to the problem I have. It stays relatively cool when in use and takes up no space in my bag.

	
  This was a great buy for the money.  It came quickly, was packaged really well and worked great.  It did not get warm like some other hubs that I used.  Construction seems to be extremely good.  I think this hub will last a long time.  Perfect for my needs.  A++

	
  Just perfect, just works, just what I needed to connect anything to iPad Pro. Like that it has USB-c pass through charging. The perfect travel dongle. Only ONE thing to keep in case with iPad. Quality of item seems good & cable/connectors seem sturdy. Full disclosure: I take care of my electronic things, so it will not see a lot of abuse, but could probably stand up to it.

	
  Sturdy build quality and more than sufficient number of ports for efficient functionality. I have owned this unit for 3 weeks now. I have had no issues with connections or overheating. It is compact and perfectly transportable, yet highly practical. You will not be disappointed.

	
  Love that it's portable and works as an adapter for so many things. My GoPro and car dash cam uses SD adapter and for work a USB flash drive and these work great since the MacBook air uses usbC now

	
  I needed this for a new MacBook Pro. It is perfect-exactly as described, has all the necessary ports and data/power supply is fast. Perfect product at a great price.

	
  A very convenient docking station is really needed. The current ultra-thin laptop doesn't work without this. The workmanship is the same as the description. The workmanship is very good, fine and light. Just take the computer away from work, just connect it to work and charge it. Expansion screen, all done, very good, recommended, compatibility is really good, beautiful appearance, high-end meticulous packaging, great product

	
  Mine is MacBook Pro 2017 with two USB-C ports. Before buying this VAVA, I bought a different product elsewhere and it didn't work when I connect either my monitor or portable hard driver, let alone both. So I returned that one. I tried this VAVA brand because I really need to find one. And honestly, it exceeds my expectation. Now I have both my monitor and driver connected and it has been more than a month, and not once does it have insufficient power issue!!

	
  Perfect for traveling and work trips, this 8 in 1 USB C HUB is exactly what I needed and more. I reviewed this product and it works for me

	
  Works good. I use it with my Razer blade for an external microphone, and game controller. And it seems to work well. Just plug it in and go. Build quality seems pretty decent, cable seems a little thicker than most.

	
  Goods received, unexpectedly easy to use, USB3.0 high-speed transmission, signal is relatively stable, multiple ports with convenient and fast, the original insufficient interface all at once solved, fast card reading speed does not affect the use of external equipment.Fine workmanship, strong sense of metal, fashion appearance, appearance level and performance coexist, cost-effective, the price in the same kind is very reasonable, worth buying.

	
  Versatile little device, feels solid but not heavy at all. Has a lot of features and is small enough to toss in a bag or zippered pocket. Transfer speeds are fine, this seems to be a good product for the money and if you need more storage or outlets, I'd go for it.

	
  Used with my MacBook Pro and Connected to three USB DEVICES: Korg Nanokontrol 2, Arturia MK2 61 key controller, and Arturia Minilab.  So far it works great!

	
  I just got the device about 20 minutes ago. It's compact and lightweight. I've tried out the three usb-a ports, the pd pass-through charging, the HDMI output and the SD card reader (basically, I've tried everything but the micro sd card slot).  Everything works without any issues. Hopefully it will be durable too!

	
  I just ordered it go with my XP’s which had a measly one connector. The color matches, tried using all the ports, working excellently. Highly recommend. Not bulky. Fitted into my Laptop sleeve perfectly. Would be great for travel whenever it resumes

	
  the product meets expectations, has enough ports and the quality of materials used in its manufacture is very good, in addition to being light and easy to carry

	
  I use this product with photography, graphic art design, and researching for a book I am writing. My laptop only has thunderbolt ports, and I was given a hub for my birthday. The hub was lacking, but this VAVA Hub had all the USB ports I needed, SD card slot, and absolutely beautiful 4k resolution HDMI port. I would recommend this product to everyone!

	
  Very impressed with this adapter, starting with the packaging and included user manual. Aluminum construction feels solid, cable is nice and short, and feels very sturdy.Regular usage so far is power thru the USB-C, Ethernet, and VGA output. All work flawlessly together and give a desktop experience when at my desk.Would recommend this adapter to anyone looking for an all-in-one solution for a new MacBook Pro.

	
  A must need for a work from homeProduct. I needed this because I had so many hook ups for my computer. HDMI, head set, mouse,This keeps all my hook ups in one spot so it keeps it nice and clean. Def a must have

	
  It has all the necessary components in a compact design. I appreciate that it is plugged in through the power cord rather than directly, so when my space is limited, you can put it aside without clinging to the laptop. love it

	
  I like the fact that I can attach my home peripherals (TV, keyboard, and mouse) and only have one cable to unplug from my laptop when I get up and go.The aluminum rounded styling makes it easy to carry around if you wish (I use it more for a home hub).I only wish it had Ethernet like like its older sibling (the 9-in-one). The trade-off being that this model (the 7-in-one) has three USB 3.0 ports.

	
  Hi quality product that was shipped fast and works with all cords I have attached flawlessly.

	
  slick style and really functional

	
  I love this usb-c hub because it's small and lightweight so you can be able to take it anywhere you go. It also works and connects perfectly with my 13 inch macbook pro and overall it's such a nice product to have at such a reasonable price.

	
  I have searched everywhere to buy the right adapter for my MacBook Air 2020. I finally decided on this product and everything works just perfect.I really liked the item.

	
  Very good product to use with my 2020 Macbook!  Very easy to transport and works very well.

	
  Exclent form factor. Since my laptop is small, this product is perfect size for my laptop. The high-definition output is completely lossless, and you don’t have to worry about watching the movie screen anymore.

	
  perfect for my computer better then buying from apple has everything i need !perfect for on the go or at home. has all the usb ports i need

	
  I use the usb and Power input and HDMI simultaneously , works good. temperatures is warm , acceptable

	
  I ordered a new computer with no USB ports, so none of my devices or anything else could connect to it. Now I can connect my devices.

	
  Just purchased a new MacBook Pro so needed this for connecting USB, USB-C, HDMI, and SD Card.Works perfectly. Surprised and pleased by the small size, the quality of materials, and the modest cost in light of the quality. Nicely done.

	
  The product is good value for money.Very practical!

	
  A very inexpensive way to get all the key features of a desktop dock-- power delivery, multiple USB ports, and HDMI. Works flawlessly and allows me to connect only one plug each time I sit down with my laptop.

	
  Awesome product just as described. Works well with laptop and even works with my Samsung galaxy note 10+

	
  The appearance is high-grade gray, very simple and generous. Many sockets are very easy to use. After the USB sockets are separated, the computer will not heat up. The quality is very good. I like it very much

	
  Great product, higly recommended.very small but has all the necessary conenctions. easy to use and carry around.

	
  sleek compact and just works. As someone that isn't tech savvy this is just what i wanted.

	
  HDMI port is great for when I plug my laptop into my desktop monitor. I haven't had any heating issues.

	
  Exactly what I needed. It’s sleek and has more than enough outlets, even has a usb3 which I helps a lot on my MacBook!

	
  Love this hub.  It is smaller than I expected, which is great! Slim and sleek design with all the versatility I need.

	
  Es fácil de usar. Solo conectar y listo para usar. Muy bien fabricando. Y es prácticamente el mismo color de mi iPad. Lo recomiendo.

	
  Great device, works well as described and delivery was faster than expected. Recommend it

	
  It is very good. Also, it is very fast. I think it is a very good reader. It i small and easy to carry.

	
  I have used this hub to hook my iPad up to my TV via HDMI and it works beautifully! I'm excited to see what else it works well with!

	
  This USB-C HUB works great for the price. I haven’t had any problems and the usb stays attached unlike others that fall out easily.

	
  Really love how small and compact this is helps me connect my microphone and projector to my surface pro x works just as advertised

	
  This is a great, affordable and easy to use adapter for the new MacBook USB-C port. I can still use all my regular usb attachments.

	
  Great adapter! Works well on my MacBook Air 2020. I can watch my shows on my tv now instead of the small 13’ screen from my laptop.

	
  Just plug and play.  The speed of access is very good as well.

	
  Great for Presentation using iPad Pro

	
  Great product, highly recommend!!!

	
  Great product ..Highly recommended

	
  Great product, highly recommend!!!

	
  Nice compact dongle!

	
  Definitely a very useful product.

	
  Great product, Highly recommend!!

	
  Excelente usb c hug.

	
  Product is awesome.

	
  Great quality product. Does it’s job with no hassles at all

	
  Highly recommended.

	
  this product was perfect for me because for the price it does everything that a $200 version would do.

	
  Worked like it's supposed to.

	
  Good product . Used it for my new MacBook Pro

	
  I works it’s awesome!!!100% legit

	
  Great product works as expected. Feels solid.

	
  This USB C Hub is my best shopping experience, the express delivery is also very fast, and it is very convenient to use.

	
  working perfect. Nice and small and meets our expectations. Definitely would recommend

	
  I bought a new Dell laptop with only 2 USB ports and they were both USB-C. I have lots of 4 TB portable hard disks with the old USB plugs for backup and extra disk space. I bought this item to solve the problem

	
  Beside having all the ports I need, it has a sleek design and goes well with my setup.

	
  I bought this product for my notebook. This is a necessity. I really like the appearance of this Adapter, which matches my laptop very well. It has many interfaces, enough to meet my needs. It is recommended to buy this product.

	
  This product has all the needed ports for a Macbook Air 2020. Excellent!

	
  I don't know if this is classified as an adapter or a docking station. Anyway, it's just convenient. It allows the user to plug in the USB C port and greatly expand its function. There are three USB 3 ports and two card readers.

	
  Love the Product, Has all the ports that are missing on MacBook pro. It has a quality look and feel.

	
  Great product, I bought it for work and cant wait to use it with my other USBC devices.The compact size is great for travel and has all the outputs you need.Highly recommend.

	
  Great material, Sleek and smooth and working perfectly. Better than all the hubs I had to throw away

	
  This USB C Hub is a life saver.  I have a MacBook Pro with only 2 USB C ports.  This hub allows me to plug in my mouse, keyboard, and external monitor for my home office setup.  It is made of high quality materials and does not overheat.

	
  I bought this to connect to a monitor for a home office with my MacBook Pro and it worked great. I love the power supply capability for fewer cables and better performance. The HDMI worked really well with my dell monitor and setup was very easy.

	
  Excellent product.. works perfectly with my macbook pro... seller was very considerate, ordered before the lockdown and somewhere along the way, my package was lost.. but seller replaced it and sent me a new one.. appreciate it..  Thank you very much

	
  The adapter has functioned as advertised, it has a high-quality build and seems like it'll last. I have been using on MacBook Pro as an HDMI output and have had no problems. All ports work properly and I would definitely recommend the product.

	
  VAVA USB C Hub is very nice! This is the second one in the house. My husband bought one and really like it. So he recommends me to have it.

	
  the adapters supplied at work suck so I bought this.it works and looks great. NIce metal construction with very usable connections.

	
  Seems to work great so far.I love that I do not have cables spread across my desk from multiple devices being plugged into various ports.Great product!

	
  While searching for USB C hubs, I found this and got one. Shipping was super quick and was able to setup the device in just mins. Awesome product with detailed instructions on their website if in case we need any support. Thanks VAVA !!!

	
  It’s been over 2 weeks that I’m using it. I’m very happy with this hub, it does not get hot. I use it every day 10 hours or more with external display. It works great.

	
  I bought a Mac and sadly I can’t use any of my usb keyboard or mouse this came handy and saved me tons. I’m really new to Mac so I didn’t knew but thank god this was a great solution!

	
  Overall great product. Well designed, all ports work as expected. Works great with my ASUS laptop, recognized the adapter and it started working with no complication. Connected 1TB and 32Gb micro at the same time worked perfectly.

	
  Sleek looking dongle that helped expand connections to my new Samsung USB-C laptop.  Power delivery works really well and the dongle doesn’t get hot.  I connect the USB to my mouse and Logitech camera.  Everything works as expected without overheating.

	
  Was worried about only having 2 ports on my new MacBook & this is exactly what I needed.  It's sleek, compact, easy to use, and matches my laptop perfectly.  It was a plus to receive a complimentary extended warranty in the package.  Highly recommend!

	
  I just received this in the mail and couldn’t wait to test it out! I was surprised to see how easy it’s to set up, just plug and play. No additional drivers were required or any difficult set up. It works as promised. I test it out transferring data and it was pretty fast. The HDMI port worked perfectly to add a third screen to my set up. Overall very happy with the purchase!

	
  I used this usb c hub for my macbook, i’ve tried other adaptors before and they haven’t worked specifically for a macbook. I am so glad i found this, works great, allows me to connect a mouse, keybord, hdmi cord, and a charger to my laptop with ease!!

	
  This little device handles everything I need to connect a secondary monitor, mouse, and keyboard to my laptop. It seems solidly built and handles my needs exactly as described.

	
  The 7-in-1 function is very powerful. I tried every function and it can be used normally. It helps me a lot, and its volume is very small and it is very easy to carry. I can easily put it into my pocket.

	
  For my new laptop, I spent a lot of efforts to finally buy a hub that matches my work perfectly. Thank Amazon for having such a great product!!!If you’re like me, you would appreciate having a single hub with all the ports that are necessary for your usage.

	
  This hub is perfect in every way. If you're on the fence about buying it, don't be...this one's a winner.

	
  Love this USB-C HUB.  New laptops nowadays have very few ports.  With this product, I can connect monitor, mouse, my camera sim cards, etc.  I have the Lenova Yoga 930C and it works perfectly.  Also, compact enough to carry around in my laptop case.

	
  I use this as a cheap version of a laptop dock and it works perfectly for that. No complaints.

	
  Great for the price. It has all the required ports missing in MacBook. HDMI port is 4K quality. Very easy to carry in bag. Light weight. Would definitely recommend.

	
  So I bought the macbook pro recently and didnt realize I need the external hub for other input devices since there are no place for you to plug in a usb or sd card. After going to many products and reviews, I finally find my ideal hub for the macbook pro. The design is small and portable. The color is about the same as my laptop which is nice and it helps me to input more devices.

	
  I have a newer laptop with the USB-C port. This hus is neat for having a pass through power charge feature and 3 USB compatible ports woth a card reader. This is a photographer's best companion specially for someone on the trail.In the last few days I have able to quickly juggle with my memory cards to transfer the photos to all my drives easily while connected to my laptop. Earlier I had to do sequentially, now it's all parallel.A cool product for any one short on USB drove in a laptop. Totally recommend it!

	
  Good quality and low price, the USB port on the computer is limited, you can buy a few more interfaces, it is convenient and practical, the transmission speed is fast, and it is convenient to carry. I like this product, as long as it is plugged in, it can be used, the appearance is simple and generous, and the storage is convenient , Not occupying space.

	
  I have used many USB C hubs before and found some issues or the other. My quest for a better one didn't seem to end until i bought this. It's a wonderful little device for my 2019 MacBook Pro. Everything works flawlessly.With my previous purchases of other brands, I had Wi-Fi issues, heating issues, clarity issue on external monitors and so on. I thought I was taking a chance with this one, but have been more and more pleased as I use it every day due to work from home now a days. it's been close to 2 months since I have this device. no complains so farGood data transfer speeds on all 3 USB portsGood HDMI display and color quality on the monitor. I have had dull picture quality with other brands before this.I connect the power source, wireless mouse & Keyboard dongle and a monitor to this device, just one cable goes to my MacBook. sometimes I connect my laptop cooling pad too.The USB C plug connects smoothly to my laptop, I'm not worried of ruining my laptop's ports.Overall I'm very satisfied with my purchase.

	
  So happy to have this product.  Purchase other Thunderbolts that have cracked or broken easily because they did not have the flexible cord like this one has.  Love this product.  It's very easy to use.

	
  I will start by saying that you should not base your purchase solely on the 5-star rating. This hub comes with a certificate offering customers a $20 Amazon gift card in exchange for a 5-star review. This is the only reason a wrote a review in the first place. I went through the process and, about 3 weeks later, I haven’t heard back from the company about that gift card. Granted, after 3 weeks of use I can honestly say it’s a pretty good product. Data transfer speed is just fine. Here’s my original review:I bought this little hub for my iPad Pro so that I could make music on something that felt more like a laptop. It does exactly what you need it to do. Currently I’m using the 3 USB ports for a wireless mouse, MIDI keyboard, and to send an audio signal out, all while keeping my iPad charged through the USB-C port. Still need to test data transfer speed though, as I also plan to use this to move files to an external drive. The size is perfectly compact, I can carry this thing around in my bag and effectively use this tablet as a laptop computer. The only downside is that the USB ports themselves are not effective chargers, so don’t expect to charge 2 or more different devices at the same time, this is more of a tool for people trying to connect several pieces of hardware to one system.

	
  There is only 1 USB C port and 1 USB A port on the new surface pro.  I use multiple flash drives at a time and this hub allow me to do that without unplugging.It is compact, light and elegant so I just leave it in my laptop bag. It matches my surface pro color which I like.My only wish is that the cable is a bit longer so it can sit flat on my desk when I plugged in.  I have it standing up when in use since i do not use HDMI port that often.

	
  This is a good little hub. Brushed aluminum with plastic endcaps. Has three USB 3 on one side, the USB-C power pass-through and card readers on the other and a full size HDMI on the front. I tested the unit both with my IBM Thinkpad laptop and a Huawei phone and had no issues with either. The HDMI was immediate and crisp, the SD card reader worked fine with a Transcend 32 GB, and it made a nice OTG as well. The size, cost, and versatility make this a great everyday carry device.

	
  Opening my new VAVA USB C Hub was quite the experience! It comes beautifully packaged (you can tell that a lot of thought was put into it). I was surprised by how light the hub was and impressed by the craftsmanship.  There doesn't seem to be a lag when using the hub which I appreciate. The charging port works well too.My only suggestion would be the switch which side the USB A inputs are because I'd like to place the hub next to my laptop but because the attached cable is so long I have a few options of where I can put it.

	
  Great device for this amazing price!! This little device REALLY exceeded my expectations. I purchased this one and one from Best Buy for $49.99( which was actually 59.99 before the sale price). All I can say is that I took the $49.99 one from Best Buy back without hesitation after using this one and I have NO REGRETS!!! This one had one more USB 3.0 ports than the one at Best Buy and after using it for an 8 hr work day it didn’t overheat nor did it kill my laptop battery life like the one at BEST BUY. I’m using 2 of the USB 3.0 Ports ( with a wireless mouse and keyboard)and the HDMI port ( connecting an additional monitor) and it works like a charm!! Very satisfied customer!!

	
  I’m happy with this adapter as it’s so versatile - just what I needed for my MacBook Pro that I use for work. It’s small enough that I can fit into my pocket or a slot in my bag, so easy to travel with. The 3 USB ports are essentials for me to use esp for a Mac. The HDMI port allows me to connect into screens when I have to (eventually) visit customers or at home.  I like how I can also use it to charge devices. Not bad for the price and good value out of it.

	
  I needed a way to plug multiple devices to my work laptop, but my dongle connectors (keyboard/mouse) were taking up the two available ports. I looked at product review for several options and this product was highly recommended in two different searches, plus the price was right!  This USB C Hub adaptor has solved my problem, not only could I add a charger for my phone but I could also charge my recording device at the same time.  I have not had the need to use the other ports/slots yet but I am going on a trip next month and I know they will come in handy, especially the HDMI port. I too highly recommend this product.

	
  After a comprehensive search, I bought this USB-C hub to connect an external keyboard to my Surface Pro X, and it works perfectly. The colors complement those of the SPX. The 100 W Power Delivery USB-C port makes it possible to charge my SPX through the hub, which is great in case I forget, or don't want to carry, my power adapter. The hub is well-built and a great value for the price compared to other hubs. I highly recommend it if you need a hub on-the-go. I'll likely only use  the Power Delivery port, the USB-3 ports, and the microSD card slot. Although the hub has an HDMI port, I wish that it had an Ethernet port, instead, which might be marginally more useful. The HDMI output at 30 Hz is unusable for moving images, such as a mouse pointer. There's severe, disorienting lag. Otherwise, this is both a highly affordable and must-have accessory for SPX owners who need to connect peripherals but don't have a dock or need portability.

	
  Great USB-C thunderbolt hub. It works well. The design is great, the material and build quality are very nice, and it has just enough ports.However I have one complaint, and that is the color of the device. According to some other reviews and specs on the listing, I thought that the color would be almost identical to my new Space Gray MacBook Pro. Unfortunately it’s close but a bit darker, and has a slightly cooler tone.

	
  I have a MacBook that comes with only one USB C port so it's a bit challenging for me to use my hard drive. I previously ordered some small converter that I can use my hard drive but I kept losing them. I think this hub is a great purchase that can convert my USB C to:- One USB C port- One HDMI port- One TF card slot- One USB PD port- Three USB 3.0 ports- One memory card slotOverall, for the price, it is a great product. The size is perfect as well!

	
  This USB hub is great for helping me do multiple things at once. For example, if I wanted to view camera footage, all I have to do is plug in the memory card from my camera directly into the hub. Then, I would be able to view all the footage that my camera has captured. I can also view my phone’s data if I wanted to. All that I have to do is plug the charger into my phone and then my hub.

	
  Plug and play which makes it really functional and easy to use. We loved it so much that I bought another for my husband. I have a standing desk and a sitting desk in different parts of the house so it makes it so easy for me to use my wireless mouse and keyboard by unplugging one thing and moving it around. We highly recommend.

	
  I have a 12 MacBook which only has one type-C port. I am looking for a hub like this for a while. I bought a plastic one before from somewhere and it is easily get overheated. This VAVA hub has pretty high quality and works great while output 4K to my monitor. It stays cool for the whole day. Pretty a good choice while WFH

	
  I got this for my XPS13 2-in-1 laptop to use with a USB SSD drive, a collection of USB sticks, camera cards, and occasionally connecting to an HDMI TV.  It's everything I was looking for.  The pass-through power connector works as expected, and there doesn't seem to be any change in the normal behavior of the laptop when the hub is connected. It's a little smaller and lighter than I expected, but seems very well constructed.

	
  My VAVA USB C Hub arrived today. After I hooked it up to my MacBook, it worked immediately without any surprise. I connected everything to VAVA USB C Hub, my external mouse, external keyboard, power cord, and HDMI cable to an external display, all works perfectly and smoothly. I am very happy that I chose the right product.I will keep using this product and update this review on how it works after I used it for a longer time. I would recommend this product to everyone based on the experience I had for the product so far.

	
  As most of us work from home in Covid season, we are all faced with issues of managing the screens and multiple peripherals that go with your laptop. This is a perfect solution that connects through your laptop using a USB C port and can support all other smaller devices and memory sticks that you may need. It also supports HDMI so your screen is supported too.

	
  I wanted something that can help me with media and data management on my iPad Pro -- this dongle has it all. A SD slot, with microSD availability as well as USB and HDMI. With this device, I can export images and download data onto my iPad without having to connect it to a computer. All in all, a great device with some multifunctional abilities as well! Definitely recommend this to anyone who does work on an iPad and needs to manage space on their devices.

	
  I bought this 7 in 1 hub for my Alienware m15 r2. I was surprised at how well this product keeps up. My first impression is that it is made from quality material giving it a durable and sturdy feel to it. After setting it up with my laptop, it makes all my connections to my laptop so convenient since it just connects to the back of my laptop. It comes with 3 USB 3.0 ports, one USBC power supply port, and even storage ports. This product surpasses my expectation as it performs really well! I really recommend getting this hub to reduce clutter on your setup! So convenient!

	
  I bought this USB hub because I bought a new Mac. So far so good, I love the fact I can download all my pic on a card and have them for safe keeping. This hub is lightweight and small fits into my case easily.

	
  It’s a lot smaller than I was expecting but it fits perfectly in the little pouch with the charging cord. Exactly what I needed for on the go. I won’t even notice the added item to my bag.It would be nice if the short cable was a little less stiff. Other than that, I love everything so far. I may consider buying another to allow me to connect to hotel TV's when I start traveling for business again.

	
  I’m very happy with this purchase it was a quite difficult to find exactly what I wanted but once I found it in this item it turned out to be exactly what I needed!

	
  This is a perfect laptop docking station. It also has an HDMI port for connecting a projector or TV. I have been using this hub to connect the laptop's power supply, while backing up to an external drive through a USB port. It has three USB ports. The connection speed is very fast, and the appearance is also very beautiful.If your laptop also needs a docking station, then I would recommend buying this product at a reasonable price.

	
  Verified PurchaseAll the ports work, Ethernet port works. I've only been using it for a week but I haven't had any issues. I'm running the HDMI port to an external screen and charging my phone in a USB, and using a USB port for a memory stick...and the Ethernet port for internet...no issues! The unit just gets a little warm but I think that's normal. The SD card slot functions normally as well....no reason not to give it 5/5

	
  This is working great. It charge the computer while I use the usb and that way I just occupy one slot in my computer.

	
  So far this thing has worked perfectly for me. Required no setup or headaches, just plugged nano usb in for keyboard/mouse, my MacBook, external monitor, and external HD and had everything working in less than a couple of minutes. I haven't tried making it operate with every function in use yet, but based on the few I've had going, it gets slightly warm but not hot. Hoping that lasts a good while, given the price. 10/10 recommend!

	
  Good product, does exactly what you expect. HDMI port has come in handy.

	
  Definitely need this !! It allows me Plug my external hard drive up while charging my MacBook and have my phone connected its the greatest

	
  Worth it! No problems at all with this one. Portable and very useful to have when you travel.

	
  I got this for my 2020 MacBook Pro 13" (A2251). I was able to hook up a monitor and a mouse with just plug and play! Definitely a great product and the grey color is a perfect match to my space grey MacBook Pro. If you need multi-port functionality, I highly recommend this one (and I do not post many reviews - only when a product is superb)!

	
  Well made.  Color matches Apple Space Grey.  Ports are tight without wobble.  Doesn't get very hot with my two connections in it.

	
  This is the worthiest thing i bought from amazon. It is so versatile and reliable for my PC gaming and works exactly as it should plus it has a lot of ports. Now i can play fortnite on a wider screen. Thank you for providing high quality products in a cheaper way. The best!

	
  I purchased this so that I can connect my Switch lite charger and the Hori USB controller. The quality of this USB C hub is great and I love the color. I would definitely recommend it.

	
  I have been using this since I got it, with multiple plug point it saves me more space but provide more USB ports, so far I have no problem with it, it works well, doesn’t get too hot, and light weighted, that’s what I needed.

	
  It works great for the computer.  Quick and responsive.  Does what it needs to do and works without any problems.

	
  This item is great, everything response that I plug in and is just the right size and the cord is just long enough, I am very happy with this purchase and would recommend it to anyone.

	
  Perfect little hub for on the go or in the office. Works as advertised. Super quick shipping. Arrived earlier than told.  No hiccups setting up with my MacBook pro

	
  It really good exactly what I spect for my 2020 apple laptop to upload file. I would high recommend this item

	
  I think it's a great product! If you're looking for a hub with almost all the features that iPad Pro needs, that's it! It realized it was a base and used my mouse!

	
  Very useful device for me. I use it for my iPad Pro. It has not only USB functions, but also other uses. Great product! It looks fine and feels very solid.

	
  Great product, highly recommend!!!

	
  With the shift to working from home i needed something to get my home office up and running. this was the best purchase i could have chosen, its basically a dock without spending hundreds on a dock.

	
  USB hubs are great for laptops and tablets with limited ports, such as my Surface Go. I have been using it for a while without any abnormalities and highly recommend it.

	
  No wonder my brother has always recommended me to buy this product, it is indeed very practical, cost-effective, and can help me deal with many things that can't be handled only with a mobile phone.

	
  Pairs perfectly with my new space gray Macbook Pro.  Quality materials and really compact size. Provides the additional ports that I needed.

	
  Very convenient multi port adapter. It's small, but it has a number of different port options, and it's small, easy to use and transport. The price is reasonable.

	
  I needed multiple USB outlets for my Bluetooth mouse and keyboard. Works best for my MacBook pro.

	
  It is comfortable to have a hub like this. When I install and use it, I will not have to give up because of clutter. I like this convenient device

	
  It has a transmission function, which means it can charge your MacBook even with a hub, which is definitely worth it. And it's not even expensive.

	
  It works great with the new ipad pro 2020

	
  Does what its supposed to. Great product!

	
  Product received, nice one.

	
  It's versatile and efficiently designed.

	
  All ports worked out of box. Its a hub.

	
  Love all the options for USB and HDMI !

	
  Perfect for my iPad Pro!!

	
  I like the form and shape of the device.

	
  Very useful for Macbook

	
  Perfect for what you need.

	
  Just what I needed for my MacBook Pro.

	
  Nice product, works great !Highly recommended.

	
  Great product, works as advertised. Must buy.

	
  The material looks great and works well as expected.

	
  Great product. Would buy again!

	
  Very good quality, thick wire.Small appearance, no heating phenomenon appears when touching the shell,

	
  Has just the right number and types of ports for my needs, and everything works well.

	
  Great product, highly recommended!!!

	
   Estoy enamorado de este hub ademas que lo probe con mi dell latitude y una lenovo, todo funciona correctamente.400% Recomendado, excelente marca, el material es resistente.

	
  This USB-C hub works excellent with my 2nd Generation IPAD Pro 11. It’s the perfect size for my needs. I would highly recommend this product!

	
  Solid build quality and works as expected.

	
  Having this multiport adapter is very convenient. Since there is only one socket on the surface, I have been switching from USB adapter to HDMI adapter. This usb-c hub is very helpful to me!!! The price is great!!

	
  Great quality. It has all the port you will need and it s compact and great for the on the go. Highly recommend.

	
  Quality is pretty good

	
  My friend recommended this usb c hub for me to buy. It didn't disappoint me. I would recommend it to more people.

	
  Matches my space grey Mac air! It’s great quality and I enjoy the options to connect to my laptop.

	
  Best Hub Adapter ever!

	
  this product is very good every port in the hub works fine and it feels robust because the cable is thick and the metal feels

	
  This C-USB hub is compact, lightweight and easy to carry around. It has all the ports it needs, and so far it has worked well.

	
  Easy to use and all has the ports you could need!

	
  The hub is good for traveling and powerful. One bad thing is that the temperature increases much when it is used for long time. I don't know if the high temperature would shorten its life span.

	
  Amazing quality! Very stylish and well built!Strong and resistant cable. Easy to travel. Very nice color!

	
  It's very helpful for me. It's small, easy to carry and has many functions. I've tried to use several of them. They can be used normally without exception. It's really great.

	
  Product is sleek and compact.  Works as described.  Very convenient for travel and hooking up multiple devices to my IPad Pro.  Good Quality

	
  This is very useful for someone who uses a lot of things that require a usb input. I have a MacBook Air which has only 2 USB-C ports. This item is a must for anyone who has a Mac!!The material also feels very high quality.

	
  I have been using this for a almost a week now and it just works flawlessly!The benefit of this unit is that it's small and has all the ports I would need for work.

	
  Good!  It has a charging port so I can charge my laptop at the same time.

	
  I'm a DJ and I needed a USB hub that was able to supply power to all of my equipment - I tried many other brands with no luck until I came across this awesome one from VAVA. The build is really solid and I'm glad that with such a lightweight hub, I am able to have all the functionality that I need back on my computer.

	
  This is a solid hub with good weight to it. Arrived quickly.

	
  Exactly what I needed to connect GoPro camera to iPad Pro. Excellent product. Great price. If you’re looking for a portable USB-C hub, buy this one.

	
  The hub is smaller than i expected which is a plus. I like that I can connect everything to one port with out getting bogged down. I have my HDMI port, wireless keyboard, and sometimes portable monitor connected and it performs flawlessly. I do not have a way to text out the power delivery part yet as i do not have a USB-C charger.

	
  I was so indecisive about buying it. But, it works great on my Macbook Pro. Everything I need in a compact device. Great product for a low price. Nice design. Everything works smoothly with my other devices.

	
  The user experience is very good, and it is very reliable to use. I will buy it again when I have a chance. Thank you!

	
  Initially my USB camera and Track Ball connected to this hub did not work. but when I did it all over again it worked as expected. I love it as it eliminates all the clutter of hubs/wires on my desktop. Is small and light enough to carry around while traveling. Material and build quality along with the grey color matches with my Mac.

	
  Hubs are great.The fuselage is light but strong and looks beautiful, as you can see in the picture.So far, so good.Video quality and data speed as expected, the price is perfect.I would recommend that anyone need to augment their usb-c port with this hub.Just make sure your computer can transmit video via USB first.

	
  This is what I use it for! I like this particular shape adapter,pretty neat.It really helped me resolved my problem!

	
  It works wonderful, I am sooooo happy that I made this purchase, I wish I would have discovered this months ago. Now this product legit replaces my Mac, now I am able to do 7 things at a time without carrying a Mac. This is the best purchase I have ever made!!! Totally recommend this product. Give it a try, you will never regret it!

	
  So I've been using this few days. Wanted to find an easy way to dock MacBook pro with monitor, keyboard and SD card. Works very well. USB 3.0 speeds are pretty much standard

	
  Used with Machbook pro 13". Everything works.

	
  Seems to work pretty well. One thing to note though the output power delivery seems to be 86W instead of 100W. This is probably something to do with using only 1 usb-c port since the Anker one does the same, so I'm not surprised. Works well.

	
  The hub is overall great.Pros:1. It is sturdy with aluminum body.2. The USB ports work great. all 3.03. the PD port is great because you can charge the device while using it.I have iPad Pro 12.9 (2018) and it charges well.Cons:1. the usb-C male side which plugs into to the iPad is rather big so I am unable to use the hub with my case on.That is a huge downside for me because it means I need to take the iPad out of the case each time I want to use the hub. The other hub I had before didn't have this problem.2. it does not connect to Nintendo Switch.I tried to use it to connect the Switch to the tv. But the Switch wouldn't recognize it.

	
  So, I purchased a Dell XPS 13 laptop. Very happy with it. But all of the ports are USB-C. No problem I said - let's find an attachment that lets me plug in peripherals that have standard USB 2.0 or 3.0 connections, HDMI ports, or even ethernet connections.This product looked promising and it has performed very well for me. My wife has had several occasions where she needed to plug her Microsoft Surface Go into our printer. And I have had the need for connecting to Ethernet or our printer (to set up initial wireless connections) and this has done everything I have needed it to do.I will soon be connecting my laptop to a monitor for tethered shooting with my mirrorless camera. I have confidence that this unit gives me the options I need to connect to just about any peripheral. Very happy with it.

	
  Unlike another brand that I’ve tried, this power delivery hub provides a reliable connection to my USB hard drives and thumb drives. It’s nearly perfect for me as a desktop hub where I just want to mess with one connection to my laptop when docking or undocking and get connectivity to power, mice, display, and drives.  Another brand that I tried was constantly dropping connection to any sort of USB drive, producing the dreaded "you unplugged a drive without ejecting" warning and opening the door for filesystem corruption.The only time I’ve ever been able to get it to drop connection to my WD Passport drive is when I unplug the power brick while the mechanical drive is in the middle of operation. Doesn’t happen always, and doesn’t happen if all I have plugged into the USB3 ports are thumb drives. Never happens when plugging in the power brick. And I can always avoid pass-through power when I feel worried about reliability of the line supply. So not perfect, but getting close and I highly recommend this reasonably priced hub.

	
  I have several MacBooks most of which have the USB-C ports. It goes without saying whether you like it or not, you need dongles. Of course, I purchased the $69 Apple HDMI, USB and USB-C port which is dramatically disappointing. The Vava USB-C hub (any of them UC006, UC016, UC010) on all vectors - price, design, functionality, and company. The price of their HUB is cheaper than any combination of an Apple solution, smaller than any other competitors, color matching and aluminum cased, USB, USB-C, SD, micro-SD, ethernet, and headphones - but most importantly, the company and their staff is proactive to make sure you are completely happy with their product. Some people online, and I was one of them, was concerned about the temperature of the HUB. In reading the specifications, the HUB does intake up to 100W and have to distribute this power to the peripherals, it is completely reasonable for the device to get a little warm and thermodynamically impossible for any device to not be affected by this - unless it was much larger or included active cooling, both of which would reduce the design and portability of the accessory. The reality is that this company did the best one can do to make a hard product, a hard product that Apple themselves do not make and they make this product in multiple affordable SKUs. This product is a must have for any Apple MacBook owner, it is the best and most affordable option from a company that actually put some effort into the product. Highly recommended product, can't say enough good things about the product and company. 

	
  I really like how this USB-C hub has so many different types of ports. I have a similar USB-C hub for work but it only has three USB 3.0 ports. This one also has 3 USB 3.0 ports, but also an SD card, micro SD, and HDMI port. As a bonus, it also has a USB-C port to supply power to connected devices. For example, my other USB-C hub cannot support several connected USB hard drives because just the hub alone cannot support power needed to spin the hard drives contained within the external USB drives. However, this devices accepts a power source which will then feed the power to the connected devices.  This hub looks and feels very well built. It's very small and can easily fit anywhere.  I currently have it attached to my home laptop and have a thumb drive and an external USB hard drive attached to it.

	
  I bought this mainly as an option to have HDMI output on our Surface Pro and Lenovo Yoga laptops. The benefit of allowing power through the USB-C was great. I don't think we'll end up using the Micro-SD or SD cards at all, but having all the ports has been helpful.I've only used it a bit, but the HDMI works, and the pass-through power works well without overheating the unit. It seems to be well built, and I appreciate the metal casing instead of plastic. Overall it has a little bit of weight without being too heavy, and is small enough to fit in my pocket (though the USB cable would flop around). Beyond that, it just works, and seems fine.Pros:- Size- Power pass-through- HDMI outputCons:- I wish there were a way to tuck the USB cable in.

	
  though i don't go many places due to covid, i certainly go places with my computer that i need a hub for.  heck, i even have an android with usb-c which i've used this thing for a lot of times.  I originally got it for an HDMI adapter but i'm finding it's terribly useful when connecting to usb-a and other peripherals.  Hard drives, flash drives, and a computer (didn't know you could hook a cell phone up to a printer?  me neither!!!  lol).I've got a handful of these from work but this is the best one yet, with very very little heat coming from it, though i rarely plug in the charger as well.  the aluminum feels nice and heavy.  overall a fairly good little hub, especially if you're just going to leave it in your backpack and pull it out when it's needed, like i do.

	
  I bought an HDMI cable specifically for USB-C laptops a while ago (I had 3 other HDMI cables but my new computer didn't have an HDMI port anymore) but it got lost when I moved and I was looking into buying another one. While unpacking, I found an SD card and wanted to see what was on it but realized my laptop didn't have an SD card reader! I came across this, which plugs into my USB-C port on my laptop and serves as a converter for HDMI, an SD card, and 3 USB ports, and I do not regret my purchase. This came in handy for more reasons than I thought! Not only can I now plus my laptop into the TV to use on the big screen and I can read the SD card, but my laptop also only has 2 USB ports, so now I can have more things plugged into the USB than I did before. It's small and lightweight (easy for traveling), and the material it's made out of is very durable. Very happy!

	
  Been looking for a USB Type C hub specifically in order to allow for more connectivity to my phone and laptop and this one seems to hit the spot. Build quality is exceptional, and it's got all of the ports I need. SD card, MicroSD, three USB 3.0, and an HDMI port which was handy to connect my spare 24" monitor to my work laptop.Only thing I noted was that my proprietary Dell Type C charger for the laptop would not allow me to charge to the laptop while the monitor was plugged in to the Type C port - not a deal breaker, but could be an inconvenience for some.I used this to pull dash camera footage from a MicroSD card into my cell phone for loading into YouTube - worked fine with no issues. I would recommend this for users that need the functionality of a USB Hub.

	
  My USB-C is a lifesaver for iPhone users. My main use for the USB-C hub is transferring photos and videos from my iPhone to my external hard drive--to backup data. If you’re an Apple product lover, like myself, one of the main issues you deal with as an apple user is iPhone storage which mostly consist of pictures and videos. I had more than 1.42 GB worth of pictures and videos on my iPhone so I used this hub device to connect my phone, laptop and external hard drive to transfer all the photos. If you know, you know! This gets the job done with uploading my photos quickly as well as transferring the photos. It’s lightweight, compact, and very functional with the variety of ports. I’ve also used it multiple times to plug in my mouse since my apple laptop does not have a USB A port.

	
  I recently bought a new MacBook Pro that had limited ports. If you have a Macbook too, then you’re stuck with buying a bunch of hubs or dongles for your desired connection whether it’s an HDMI or SD card reader...etc.Finally, I found this inexpensive solution that changed my life.VAVA had the perfect solution for me. They recently released a line of USB-C variety hubs with different ports depending on your need. I got the Premium 7-in-1 USB-C Hub.The Premium 7-in-1 USB-C Hub consists of 3 USB- 3.0 ports on one side and one 4K HDMI port, regular SD and micro SD card readers on the other side. The 4K USB-C cord provides flexibility but at the same time you can feel the high quality. The USB-C connector is sleek providing space if you need to connect to a nearby port on your laptop.

	
  This product works perfectly for me. Before making this purchase, I was looking for a product to which I could connect my MIDI controller, and could record music without any problem. I was looking at various products with other brands and I often came across negative comments, such as that the device suddenly stopped working, or the computer did not identify it, or the device did not recognize the things you connected ... until I found this product and I decided to buy it. Although I have only been using it for 2 weeks, this device has not failed me in the least. In fact I have used all 3 usb inputs at the same time and it still works perfectly. In addition, the image and the box in which it came is very good and the material of the product is also good. I highly recommend this device ... it is of very good quality!

	
  Love the size, color, and material it is made of, very professional.  I was looking for a hub that includes a Type C charger port, this one is a great selection.  The additional value-add I wish is if it came with a pouch or case to carry it in, esp when traveling, as it is possible it can make scratches to other items in the same bag.

	
  I got this to use with my PineBook Pro laptop.  I was a little worried that it wouldn't work but it works great. I plugged it into my pinebook pro, connected my external monitor to it via USB and used the USB-C input power port: the display was instantly recognized by my laptop and the computer continued to get power through the USB-C port so it all works as expected with no setup or work on my side.

	
  Bought this to help with my work from home setup - works great with macbook pro to connect to a Dell monitor. Power delivery works fine too although the hub gets a bit warm when you use it for that. It does 4K @ 30 Hz no problem when I checked with my 4K monitor although I'm using it currently with a 1080p monitor. There are a lot of such hubs in the market - I would recommend go with this as it is a great value for the price.

	
  Works like a champ!

	
  I have a new ipad which I use with Excel & Word files.  Sometime ago I purchased a similar device so I could download my files onto a thumb drive and copy them to my office computer.  It wasn't rated for Thunderbolt, but I spoke to some online Tech mag.'s writers & apple store tech's and was told it wouldn't make a difference; BS.  No computer could read the files, "Corrupted Files" was the message I kept getting. This device with Thunderbolt, has given me no problems copying and loading files.  Yeah....

	
  It feels sturdy, is compact, and has all the ports I need.

	
  This USB C adapter is light and extremely travel friendly. I throw it in my laptop bag and will be very handy at times. You know the pain with laptops that come with only USB C ports. Display and card reader works well on surface laptops. The item doesnt feel poorly made like some of the cheap adapters I had used in the past. Seems reliable.

	
  Geat product highly recommended

	
  As a designer, I needed a HDMI and SD card slots more than anything. So this works really well and looks great on my 15-in MacBook Pro. Despite the metal casing, it didn’t get any hotter than my laptop charger did during usage. It seems to have a slightly shorter cable than other brands which will make it less unwieldy. I have had no problems with my vava interfering with my WiFi.The 3 USB ports are USB 3.0 and have good transfer speeds. I use a bluetooth mouse from one of the parts and so far no issues. Vava is my go-to when I'm running to meetings and traveling. The unboxing experience is top notch. It has a similar unboxing experience to an Apple product, so it is packaged very well. Overall I’m extremely happy with it and I would highly recommend it.

	
  It works smoothly as promised! Highly recommended

	
  I purchased this for my MacBook Pro 2020. It seems to be working really well so far!

	
  This actually works! I use it with my Lenovo laptop. I had already returned a different one I purchased on Amazon, which my laptop would not recognize. This one from VAVA works perfectly. I am so pleased with the purchase. I use it to a read micro SD and standard USB as well as charge my iPhone with the usb-c slot. Great item.

	
  Very good product highly recommend!

	
  Great compact little adapter with lots of options. Works great so far!

	
  This USB-C hub precisely satisfies my need! My new laptop has two USB-C and two USB-A ports, which is not only insufficient but also imbalanced - I would like to exchange a USB-C for a USB-A - this hub gives me three, and in addition two card readers and an HDMI port. Love it so much!It also works perfect well with iPad Pro, which is a great bonus.I have been worrying about performance, but this turns out to be unnecessary. I can use the HDMI while transferring data from memory card and flash drives, and everything works like a charm!

	
  The build is very good. I like the fact that I can charge while using it. Also works fine with samsung Dex on my note9.

	
  Amazing build quality, works great!

	
  Upgrading my MacBook Air makes a hub necessary. So far it works great!

	
  Become one of the things I always carry! I can easily use a monitor with an HDMI port, use a 2X USB port and import photos/videos from a GoPro SD card. It is also of high quality. After months of use, I feel very happy!

	
  Good product and delivered on time.

	
  Quality, no need to look for others. Solid build, plenty of ports. Matches great with MacBook Pro.

	
  There are many hub interfaces, which are very convenient to use. There is no problem in connecting USB interface and mobile phone. The transmission speed is OK. It is a very good office supplies.

	
  Great USB-C HUB. Excellent quality.

	
  I regret not buying this product early. It really fits my phone, they are simply the best partner.

	
  So far it has not overheated or lost any drives plugged into it. I am pleased with it at the moment

	
  Great product, highly recommend!!!

	
  Arrived just in time and works really great with my new MacBook Pro 13". Love the design and logo.

	
  I often need to use the hub in my work. This hub is the most suitable one I buy. It has favorable price, complete functions, simple use and beautiful design. I like it very much

	
  Great product, highly recommend!!!

	
  No surprises with the product. All ports work as advertised. It's a fantastic value.

	
  Everything works fine-by connecting HDMI, Ethernet and SD and microSD cards. All external HDs are displayed. I can edit all my original materials in FCP.

	
  Innovative, convenient, reliable and effective.

	
  Plugged in my HDMI cable, two wireless receivers for mouse and keyboard and good to go.Also, it's not ugly or anything, which is nice.

	
  It a lifesaver With all the ports

	
  Seems well made, sleek with no sharp edges. Performs as advertised and a great value.Works great for my wife to connect her MacBook to the printer

	
  Great product, highly recommended

	
  I bought it to stream screen from my mobile to my TV, and it serves my purpose.Really like the video output quality, and there is no-latency in output stream.Also I love its sleek design, very small to carry around yet very efficient.Definitely recommend it.

	
  The product received a very good match with the picture the function is not bad the battery is not bad a very happy shopping

	
  Just bought a new Mac Book Pro in the beginning of the year and I was really not expecting to only have USB-C ports in the computer. This is SO worth the money! Super easy to use and easy to travel with. Light weight and works very well.

	
  Have the right number of ports and connections to support good port replication.So far,no problem.I am satisfied.

	
  This seems to be built of amazing quality, very strong. It does its job what it is supposed to do, connects to my dell XPS seamlessly

	
  Awesome Hub for your mac, built really well and has great connections for your mac. Well worth it!

	
  This is perfect! All the connections I'm missing in the new macbook pro and the perfect size for easy carrying.

	
  It works great with my MacBook. I use it as a USB adapter and a card reader. It also has a hdmi adapter so that I can connect my laptop to another screen. It is small and light but it is very powerful. Every time I go out with my laptop, I will definitely take this hub with me. It won’t add any weight to my bag.

	
  Good product, does what it says. Was delivered on time. Very good price as well.

	
  The first thing I did when I got the hub was to check if all of the ports were working, and indeed they were. I keep all my peripherals plugged into the hub and love the ability to plug my charger into the hub's USB-C port and then plug the hub into my laptop. This makes cable management a breeze and I only need to work with one cable when docking my laptop at my desk.

	
  great little hub, just what I wanted.

	
  The price is unbeatable and the features and straight forward as described. This is a must have for anyone buying a new USB-c computer. Highly recommended!

	
  Looks good and does the job just as described. I just wish the usb-c cable which connects to laptop is removable, so that I can replace it with a longer cable.

	
  Likes:Small but FunctionalHas enough ports for my needsFully compatible with my Dell XPS 9300Dislikes:None so far, but maybe for some the 30hz for 4k may not be enjoyable.Not really a dislike but for my Dell XPS 9300, the standard 45W charger isnt enough to power an external Hard Drive and a Bluray Drive plus charge my laptop all connected at the same time.

	
  Thick sturdy cable connecting the adapter to the hub is a major plus. The HDMI display output is a lifesaver for my 2018 xps.

	
  I have recently pruchased a new laptop that only had C ports, so I bought this little guy.  I have used it everyday since. It stays in my laptop bag at all times so I always know where it is. I actually used the HDMI port and the past through charging to play a game and it worked like a charm.  I highly recommend this VAVA device for anyone who is missing some of their old ports.

	
  I'm overall really happy with this USB C Hub as it has a lot of regular USB ports and it works well and fast with my 13" Macbook Pro 2020. The only thing is that the grey of the hub is a little darker than the actual computer, but I don't mind at all. Good purchase for how low the cost is!

	
  This adapter has always worked well for me-it is easy to carry and has all the basic knowledge I often need. This product has the advantages of direct power charging and 3 USB compatible ports and a card reader. Using it, I can quickly Handle memory cards, connect photos to a laptop and easily transfer photos to all drives. Before I had to execute in order, now this is parallel.

	
  Top  notch quality and sleak design.

	
  This is a good USB-C adapter that has most of the important ports such as HDMI, 3 x USB, PD charge, and some SD card slots. It's made with solid, sturdy material and is compactness makes it easy to carry. It's a good price at around $30 and I can recommend this to anyone who needs an adaptor for the Macbook. I needed this to WFH due to COVID-19 and haven't been disappointed yet.

	
  Unboxed my USB C Hub today and everything works fine. I'm able to connect my new monitor via HDMI and also connect my peripherals into the 3 extra USB ports. Everything works as should be along with connecting my external charger to provide power to my Macbook. They also offer an extended 12 month warranty which is an extra in my book. Overall I would recommend this product to friends & family.

	
  Suitable for a variety of mobile phones, so the acceptance is very strong, you can go out at any time with no problem at all, it is recommended to everyone to buy, the price is completely within the budget

	
  Product has a quality feel instead of cheap plastic like others. I can easily hook up the USB for my GoPro, mouse,  and external hard drive. Also hook in the HDMI to play movies from my TV without sacrificing the port to charge my computer. I'd buy again!

	
  Not only it is super easy to use, it also has a lot of great uses! I am able to connect all my devices without worrying about which cables to unplug!! Thank you so much!

	
  Great product! It has everything in it that I need and the price is very reasonable. I highly recommend it.

	
  I was pleasantly surprised with the build quality. The adapter is made of metal and firm, feels sturdy and not plastic. Of course only time will tell with build quality.

	
  Easy to use. Metal look sleek design. Works just as described.

	
  Bought this usb c hub for my 2020 MacBook Air. I like the high quality look to it and I loved the price. So simple to use, the first thing I hooked up was my midi keyboard player on GarageBand and it worked well. Would recommend to anyone!

	
  So lightweight and multi functional!Just what I was looking for. Very happy with the purchase

	
  I bought this for my 2020 MacBook Air.  It was just what I was looking for. It’s inexpensive but performs perfectly.  I love that it’s small And doesn’t clutter my workspace.  It’s well made with a sturdy cord that should last a long time.

	
  Compared with several USB splitters, this price is not the lowest, but the material and feel are the most satisfying to me. It is very convenient to use with imac. The most important thing is that this model has a power supply interface. In the future, if the device needs to be powered to drive it, it will be prepared. The USB recognition will soon be completely consistent with the experience of plugging in this machine. It is very gratifying to see such a workable USB3 splitter today in the typec rampage.

	
  Work just as described. I have a Macbook 2018 model and I needed an adapter to connect to my monitor.Easy to use.Great price and works well! Just what I needed!

	
  Best USB C port I’ve ever bought. The packaging was very nice as well. I would definitely recommend that anyone who is looking for a usb or memory card adapter buys this. The product material is so sleek and is made of quality material. This product is a 5 star product.

	
  Bought it as a replacement for 6-in-1 hyperdock hub, which was acting up and not charging my iPad. This hub works just fine, allows me to charge the tablet and connect a midi device at the same time. Haven't tried the HDMI port yet, but i'm sure it will work just fine as well.

	
  Great little usb c hub. Worked great with surface book and was able to get video output at 4K.

	
  This hub is the perfect size for my desk or for travel with my Macbook Pro. Works perfectly. I use it for my external hard drives, SD cards, and 2nd HDMI monitor. I'll definitely buy this line of products for years to come.

	
  I use this USB hub in the office. It's very convenient. There's no problem connecting computers and mobile phones. The transmission speed is very fast.

	
  I was looking for a portable hub for my photography and this one fits my requirements. It has tiny footprint and is made from premium high qulaity material. I just take this with my camera with no issue and the best part of this product is that I can connect to external monitor from my laptop using hdmi connector without need for all the extra cables. Definately recommend this for some one who is travelling like myself.

	
  This converter is much more convenient. When using multiple interfaces at the same time, I don't need to worry about the lack of computer interface. Generally speaking, I'm very satisfied.

	
  The hub takes only one thunderbolt 3 port, but offers 1 HDMI, 3 USB-A 3.0 ports, and a USB-C power input port. With this hub and one USB-C to HDMI cable, I can finally connect two external displays and two external SSDs to my Macbook Pro.

	
  After using it for a few days, I have to say that this is a perfect docking station. Fully functional, plug and play. I can't find a better product below this price.

	
  This USB-C hub is incredibly lightweight and durable. It allows Samsung Dex integration and is made of very durable materials.It comes with a USB-C passthrough for power, 3 full size USB-A 3.0 ports, 2 SD card readersand a andd an full size HDMI port capable of outputting at 4K quality

	
  The hub is small in size and simple in appearance. There are few USB interfaces on my laptop. With this, it is much more convenient. Data transmission is fast and efficient.

	
  The product arrived the next day I placed the order. I use it for to connect my laptop with a 1080 monitor.The connection is very smooth with great quality.  It works well with my mobile PC also. Very happy about the product.

	
  The function is very powerful, can let my laptop have more expansion interfaces, I tried every one of them, no problem, this is a multi-functional product to my satisfaction.

	
  Upon receiving the USB hub, I was impressed with the finish of the material and the variety of inputs available.  Now I can use my laptop for all my digital needs instead of jumping back and forth to my desktop.  Great quality, versatile. Worth the $30+ I paid for it.  Great product.

	
  This is by far the slimmest design I have ever seen. I really like this design. It looks super cool.Having the USB inputs allows me to also charge my phone, headphones, etc.

	
  Great product that is a true plug and play - the higher watts output was significant in keeping my battery fresh on my laptop.easy to install and use ,and transfer data so quickly.

	
  Product does what it is supposed to do. Using it for my macbook pro and works fine.

	
  Sooo useful! It helps me save time plugging my keyboard and headset at least 3-4 times a day. Also, I was having some issues with my headset, plugging it directly to the laptop. But, this solved my problem! Would recommend 100%

	
  Space gray with a very good aluminum texture!  There is a sense of quality.  The cable is also elastic and you can expect durability.  The size is just right.

	
  The adapter looks great, built-in high quality. It's very convenient to use with all my accessories. If your MacBook has restricted ports, it is highly recommended.

	
  I don't have alot of space for a hub, but when I purchased a new Macbook Pro, I had to choose something to extend to my TV as well as work with my USB-A drives.  This does it!  The price was appropriate and didn't break the bank.  As an added plus after buying it I learned that it also had a USB-C power input so I could plug my Mac power cord into it and have everything hooked up through one port.  I'm thrilled that VAVA was so efficient in shipping, pricing, and quality of products.  I won't forget it.

	
  I’ve been using this hub on my mac for about a month now and haven’t had any issues so far. I have 2 usb devices and a monitor connected to it, running 6-8 hrs a day. Works as I expected!

	
  I really like the design, light an sleek. Bonus warranty is great when it comes to electronics and accessories. Used it as soon as I could. Works great and matches space grey Mac.

	
  The hub feels quite comfortable in hand, and the materials appear to be good quality. The size is quite compact and easily stored for travel. I wanted a hub that would allow me to connect SD cards from my cameras for transferring photos. All ports work flawlessly and provide the expected throughput rates. I am very impressed with the build quality - it is solidly built. I also like the very compact size. The only wish I had was for one more USB port for my requirements. Seems to be solid design and hope it lasts a long time.

	
  The VAVA USB C hub has all the ports you could imagine wanting.  Finally a reasonable connection to the USB-C port. Nice compact design, sent safely and works great.

	
  My macbook air has two ports for a USB C but I wanted a place to plug in my charger, mouse dongle, external harddrive, etc etc. This is exactly what I was looking for--sleek, compact, great price. Recommend!

	
  The product works just as described. Does everything it is supposed to do. Happy with purchase.

	
  I purchased this Adapter Because of my friends has one . She told me it is very good .  It is not just only powerful. Multiple functions , it it so easy to carry around. My job need to work out a lot . Love it .

	
  When I received the package, I immediately took out the product I bought. It's really worth the money. It's cost-effective. Start with recommendation

	
  This usb-c hub does it's job very well! It stays cool, it has plenty of additional ports, and the build quality is great!

	
  The product is strong. I use it to connect it to my Dell thunderbolt USB C port. The HDMI / audio / USB security key connection has no problems and lags. I also filled the port with two Bluetooth receivers. Very sensitive. There is no delay after the link.

	
  Compared to the other models I considered, the VAVA has better reviews AND is less expensive. It doesn't have a solid metal body like some of the $80-90 models, but it looks pretty good and it does its job. I'm very happy with the purchase.

	
  I use this with my '17 MBP.  Works great -- I love the end location of the HDMI. My first dongle hub had fewer USB ports and didn't support USB-C power pass through, so this is a big upgrade for about $10 more. Good build quality, thick cable. Nice solution. Thanks guys!

	
  My friend recommended me to buy this product. He told me it was very helpful for my work. I was very satisfied after I tried it. It made it more convenient for me to work with a laptop computer, and I could use multiple extension functions at the same time. It was great.

	
  VAVA Is trusted brand from many years, Absolutely highly recommend product . Highly recommend this .

	
  This hub is so tiny and so effective.  I didn't need the ethernet port, so this is a cheaper option that works right away to charge the laptop, connect devices, and extend to a monitor.  It was so easy to set up and I haven't had any issues using it.  Such a great value to make it easy to work at home.

	
  This is a very small hub. After a try, it works very well. You can connect it directly to the computer. Compared with the price, its quality is amazing. Now I can charge the laptop and mobile phone at the same time. I am very satisfied with this product.

	
  Can be used for multiple features. Very handy product for all.

	
  Exactly what I was looking for to go with my galaxy book s. Fast. No drivers to download. Just plug in and it works. Color is even perfect match to my book s!

	
  It's better than I anticipated, to be honest. Great design and good price. Will recommend.

	
  Great

	
  This adapter can be used with my MacBook Pro to meet almost all its needs. I use it to upload photos from my Canon rebel camera. I use it to read SD cards. I mainly use it to double-window the laptop and the TV screen so that my 3-year-old can watch oomizoomis while finishing homework!

	
  I received replacement hub, it matched my laptop color.The HDMI port creates a crystal clear display and quick refresh rate. The compact design allows for me to easily bring this hub from one place to another.

	
  As soon as I opened it, I knew that it had a reasonable structure. This is a great value product that extends the functionality of the USB C port. I have tested the product on the Galaxy Note8, and it works well with Samsung Dex. I also tested it on my computer and it worked very well.

	
  The goods have arrived!I read the manual, there are 3 USB ports, a computer interface!That's just what I want.But USB looks small, connected to my laptop is very clear, easy to install, powerful!

	
  I've been looking for a Usb c to Usb hub for a long time. Everyone that I looked at didn't resonate with me. However, after a long awaited searches I stumbled amongst this little device and bought it right away. I am very pleased with the product. It's affordable and gets the job done.

	
  This is a very small hub, but it has three 3.0 sub ports, which can charge the computer and the mobile phone at the same time, and it will not heat up. It can connect three JSB devices, HDMI, SD card and charging port at the same time, which is really a perfect product

	
  This hub is convenient for traveling. I love it because it has 7 ports which I am able to connect my Mac Pro, ipad and other devices. It is easy to use when I show my presentations. Great quality for the price.

	
  Great USB-C HUB, is lightweight, fits in my MacBook sleeve, and works perfectly. Very recommended.

	
  Very easy to use. Works well with my MacOS Catalina. Had no issues using it right out of the box. Only thing is that the USB Type C port seems like it's only for power, and not for Type C dongles to pair other devices. I highly recommend.

	
  I used the hub for both mac and windows and it works very well. I am happy with the product and recommend to anyone.

	
  Great product 👍

	
  Great product, highly recommend! I use this hub every day,  high speed, and very stable. Like it.

	
  This product is sleek and plug and play. It offers a lot of options for the price!

	
  I needed this for my home office due to Covid-19.  This has worked out perfectly!!

	
  It looks and works exactly as advertised.

	
  It’s a great product! It does everything I need it to.

	
  Great product, highly recommended.No issue , work great

	
  excellent product, work great on both laptop and mobile. suggested.

	
  Works well and very easy to use. I picked this brand because it looked sleeker than the others.

	
  I'm glad to say that this product fits snugly into the port, and I don't ever feel worried that it might just come loose by its own weight or anything.

	
  This usb adapter is finally exactly what I need!!! I need an hdmi spot to plug in my large screen monitor, and I need the 4 usb-a spots. I connect my printer, my mouse transmitter, my external hard drive back up, and now have space for a flash drive.

	
  It is high quality with ports that stand the test of time even with constant use. I like it because it will allow me to plug my 85W MacBook Pro 2019 power supply directly in it with no loss of power, which frees up a port. It does not get hot either.

	
  I love this product. it's a great buy, stylist and slick, and cost effective. it works with any product that has a  usb type c input. love it

	
  This adapter works well.  Received it very quickly and was in great condition.Just used it and is plenty fast with plenty of ports.  Lightweight also so will be good for travel.

	
  I use this with my MacBook Pro to connect keyboard and mouse usbs as well as an external monitor. It works as intended and seems reasonably priced. It’s light weight and durable enough that I can move my laptop around without it falling out or getting scratched up.

	
  The product quality is particularly good, with many interfaces, easy to carry, suitable for laptops with few interfaces, fast transmission speed, good compatibility, beautiful design and beautiful appearance. It doesn't take up much space when used, so you can put it in your bag with your laptop.

	
  I feel like ordering another one just so that I can have 2 ..one for home and 1 for travel. Yes I am a Macbook Pro user and being that everything that I use requires a dongle or 3rd party device I already went thru 2 other dongles that were not long lasting due to always having to unplug and plug ..back in. This arrived and I was immediately impressed by the packaging and detail to the instructions in which ins some cases these dongles are self explanatory to use. The product itself was solid well made and complements my Macbook exactly as far as the finish.  VEry happy with the purchase of this product, it has everything that I  need ..HDMI port.. 3 USB..Memory card slot  andDC In power slots. Great Job with this product and great value !!

	
  This is really the most practical device I have ever seen. easy to plugin and gives fast transfer rate with USB. The transmission speed is good. I'd Like to recommend it.

	
  I'm loving this dongle. It's perfect for my 2020 XPS 13 9300, since the XPS comes with just 2 thunderbolt 3 connectors and a headphone jack. I can plug in my ring light for Zoom, a wireless mouse, the laptop charger (I'll address that in a sec), and more! I don't need the other ports yet, but they're still great to have.The charger that came with the XPS doesn't charge the laptop at the speed I was expecting. This isn't something that warrants less than 5 stars though, because it's unrealistic to expect it to fast charge all USB-C laptops in existence. I was just hoping it would work with mine. It still charges fine though, just a little more slowly than I'm used to (2-3 hours to full).

	
  Compact and lightweight hub...Very much satisfied with the purchase...Highly recommend buying it !!!

	
  First off, it does exactly what you would expect. USB ports support both 2.0 and 3.0 USB as shown. The USB-C port on the hub is for PD, which worked for passthrough for my MacBook Pro. Did not test the HDMI yet, but I would imagine it works as expected. I'll be keeping this in my backpack for presentation and adapter needs.Feels heavier that other USB-C hubs, metallic and has an aluminum case. Appears to have a good warranty, hopefully I will not need it.Overall, its a very basic breakout to get back the things that you lost in the MacBook change. USB 3, HDMI, and a memory card reader. All essential if you use a USB-C MacBook Pro, or anything else that has removed the variety of ports.Note: no pouch or anything like that. I know some other vendors provide a pouch too. There was also a heat warning sticker when plugging in multiple or high wattage devices.

	
  Satisfied with the form factor and the ports it delivers. Happy with the purchase. When all the ports are loaded, might get hot but not alarming levels hot. Still would rate it 5/5.

	
  This is the first VAVA product that I have bought, so I wasn't sure what to expect as far as quality. As soon as I opened it I could tell that it was well built. The quality is great on this. It works great for my new laptop, which only has USB-C ports, which was preventing me from using my old keyboard and mouse. So I picked this up and I really love it. It charges my PC while also providing me the ability to connect older USB (3.0) gadgets to my laptop.I really like this product, and next time I am in the market for anything tech related, I will search for VAVA and see if they produce anything that fits my needs.

	
  I had previously bought another Hub and it worked great. I was finding that I needed a few more USB ports so I picked up another. This one looks to have all USB 3.0 ports which is an improvement. It didn't have the headphone jack or the internet port. I don't use those on my previous models so I don't see an issue with this one.I do like how with this model you don't have to insert the microSD all the way in and fight with your fingernail to seat it correctly.The only issue/down side I have is that is will not charge the larger 12.9 iPads when plugged into this hub. This is stated on the package. This is more of a suggestion for future models.

	
  I had many different USBc Hubs for my MAC and all come short in many aspect, I had this for almost a week now and it is fantastic, first of all it has a port for the charger so I dont have to connect my charger to the MAC anymore, then it has  super fast USB 3 port which now makes my backup, a snap, also I am finally able to connect a second large monitor to the bub using HDMI and be ready for the finest feature the SSD and media card reader was included which I didnt even noticed when I bought it, I really love this hub, I wish it had a network port too but then I guess it would cost much more. over all a great buy.

	
  This hub/dock is exactly what I needed to work from home during quarantine with multiple displays. I used the HDMI out to a monitor and have extra ports for flash drives, my external keyboard and mouse etc. I can't charge my laptop through the dock because the laptop that i have has a separate usb-c port for charging and another for data so I can't speak to that functionality. The quality is nice. It feels like a thin aluminum case in a titanium color that really complements my yoga PC. The cable itself is thick and seems like it should last. I waited a while to review this product and have been using it since the beginning f April with no issues.

	
  I own a small laptop that only has USB C ports on the sides. I started searching for a USB C Hub on Amazon and found the Vava USB C Hub. Quite honestly I think its build quality is outstanding! On one side it has a connector for your power and when plugged in not only adds 3 USB ports, it also has an HDMI port to connect to your television, and several other connections on the back. I haven't played with them honestly so I can't really say much yet but if anyone asks a question in the future I'll try my best to answer them!I had only one issue which was an offer for extended warranty and when I tried going to the site I couldn't see where I could extend anything. But all things considered I'm not complaining. I don't expect any issues. Perhaps I typed something wrong. Anyway, the hub works amazingly well!! It gave me the ability to use a normal usb and with that I can transfer files, video's pictures or whatever to another drive easily and it looks classy!If you're wondering if I would recommend this product to anyone.. without question! I've not had many devices built so well that were used for this manner.. and I'm a techie to say the least!

	
  This is exactly the profile I was looking for in a hub.My laptop has multiple i/o ports, but only one of each. I ALWAYS need more than 1 USB-A ports available to me. Swapping out a mouse for a 3d printer connection, card reader adapter, etc is really an annoyance. I was looking for a hub solution to the problem, but they negated the form factor. They were just too big to fit a slim profile. This one is perfect for it. I have it mounted on the back of my screen and it looks like it's right at home. Even the slate color scheme matches. This actually matters when it comes to meeting with clients face to face.That being said, it isn't just fashion, it's actual function. It doesn't just sit there and look pretty. It actually works for a living.

	
  This is a great product and it's easy to install and use.Surprisingly,the USB port doesn't break,it can be used to connect keyboards,mice and microphones,and the price is pretty good.I like it very much and I recommend it

	
  I just bought this product two days ago and was honestly surprised by the size. It’s very small which is great because I didn’t want anything big and bulky. It has a lot of different ports which is absolutely amazing. I would recommend this product to anyone looking for these kind of ports especially since it’s very lightweight and slim. 10/10 would recommend!!

	
  I am a video maker, just updated my Mac. This product really helped me on uploading all my photos and videos, also my printers. It connects my type C really tight. Really recommend this product! thumbs up

	
  This item fits my MacBook Air perfectly. I am glad it shipped and arrived so soon. The model of it is really sleek and it adds so much more potential to my MacBook. It even came with a cute little bag.

	
  I loved it, I searched for an adapter for my new MacBook Air and I found this one, which is a great product. I can change my Computer,  have my flash drive, my phone, and  my flash card At the same time. It looks great and the color match’s with my phone. The price is good for what you getting. I’m very pleased about it.

	
  I Have been use it for 2 days. Very good products. The ports are tight on my MacBook Pro, so no worry about the disconnect problem. The speed seems ok to me so far. It indeed worth the money

	
  This adapter is really good and useful. If you need to connect any external device, I definitely recommend this one. It was perfect on my computer to connect my mouse and mobile. I already use this device for 2 weeks and the experience is perfect. Overall, it is really helpful for everyone.

	
  I need to transfer the pictures in my phone into the MacBook. This one helps me transfer the pictures quickly. It is convenient and easy to use and it connects my type C pretty tightly. It has worked perfectly.

	
  This worked perfectly and looks really nice, it goes flush with the laptop which was a problem with the protective case i have on it. I only need it every now and then so wasnt a deal breaker.

	
  Loving it since the first minuteThe device doesn't feel cheap at all

	
  The adapter worked great.  Does what its supposed to do.  Just be aware that if you have a protective shell case on your MacBook, the adapter will not fit until you remove the case.  But the adapter itself works with no issues.

	
  perfect for my macbook, perfect price for this item especially for college kids with a budget :) !

	
  This is so much smaller than I thought it would be and I love it.

	
  Love it 🥰😍🥰

	
  Really liked this product and its a steal for the affordable price too.

	
  This product works exactly like it’s supposed to! highly recommend!

	
  Works and fits perfectly for my macbook air 2020

	
  I ordered this to be able to hook my cricut to my MacBook. It’s perfect!

	
  Excellent product.  It works awesome

	
  It’s very sleek and match’s pretty nicely with the laptop

	
  I loved my adapter!

	
  really the best for what it's priced at. however, i do have to take off the bottom of my laptop case in order to use this adapter, as it needs to be flush against the body of the laptop as shown, but it's a minor inconvenience really.

	
  There are many sockets for the converter. I am very satisfied with this design,which makes me feel intimate. This is a practical tool. With it,my life becomes simpler. In one word,praise.

	
  Does the job I need. Plus you can still charge from it.

	
  Specially, it is made of great material and it prolongs the lifespan. For me, that's easier for me to plug and pull out. Quicker speed and it is able to work simultaneously. Multifunctional indeed.

	
  Works just don’t try to use it with an off brand laptop cover! Amazing product , allows me to use my sd card!

	
  This product did exactly what I needed it to do- a usb port in and an HDMI chord out.  Great price.

	
  Fits nicely on the side of the laptop.  Works well so far

	
  This dongle suits my needs. I didn’t want to purchase a brand new MacBook because of the new ports. I heavily rely on my flash drive for work and I don’t want to bother with storing everything in a cloud. I came across this product and I’m happy  that I get to enjoy my new laptop without worrying about where files are stored.

	
  This adapter is very well designed and work great.

	
  I’m impressed,  it was better than I anticipated.  Work perfectly, looks and feels great.

	
  Exactly what I needed for my 2019 MacBook Air

	
  This product came quickly. It was exactly as described and works perfectly! Thank you.

	
  Very practical and can fit 3 usb ports. I love how it makes things easier such as charging my phone with my macbook and using a wireless mouse. so far no complaints!

	
  This 6 in 1 USB-C hub perfectly work in my macbook pro 2020. It is very convenient to bring it out because its size is smaller than a hand. It perfectly match my mouse and work greatly, no delay or pause. Its charging speed is same as charging with the original type-c port. With this price and quality, I am satisfied with this product.

	
  I am new to the world of MAC and new I need this.  It works.

	
  A nice sleek design that weights nothing it seems. I was worried it might mess with the ports. Fits snugly into Mac.

	
  I loved the item. IT works great since my mac has no other ports.

	
  Just what I needed to plug in my old printer. Quick and easy to use and a great price.

	
  Perfect for my new MacBook. The product came in pretty fast and there were no troubles with shipping either. It fits the ports on the MacBook with ease. I haven’t used the SD port yet, but the MacBook charging port works and all 3 of the USB ports work. Im glad I decided to buy this instead of those expensive Apple adaptors.

	
  Very useful product. Works very well.

	
  Fast shipping and the product is great!

	
  Works good

	
  Works amazing thank you !

	
  works seamlessly

	
  Great Product A+

	
  easy carry and use A+++

	
  Pictures

	
  The only issue is that I have to take my case off in order to use this, but it’s worth it ! The product is really good :•)

	
  Thing I have my computer

	
  I love being able to plug everything in at once.  It's honestly perfect. I would buy it again!

	
  Good

	
  I love this product, I like how sleek and light weight it is. It also works great for all my adaptor needs.

	
  I love it

	
  I love how compact it is and fits perfectly with my Mac. Definitely a good deal with pricing too. I highly recommend

	
  I absolutely love this USB HUB quality purchase would definitely recommend

	
  Hate that I have to buy a whole extra piece to this laptop just to use the USB ports. But I LOVE this part, it’s helped so much !

	
  Excellent product

	
  Great price, exactly what I needed

	
  Absolutely love this plugged in and worked right away. All ports work perfectly!

	
  I bought an apple USB-C and it never turns out great because it would lose connection to my car reader. Worth the price

	
  This is exactly what i wanted! the only downfall of it is that it is not compatible with a case on. but if you flip it on the other side it works? i tried trimming my case.. it kind of worked?

	
  This HUB provides everything I need to continue to operate my computer to its full potential.  I have no problem getting to files now and am able to leave multiple thumb drives accessible.

	
  I like that it looks like part of my macbook pro. No issues. It just works.

	
  Works well with my Macbook

	
  This product looks clean and nice, fit my MacBook well. Very light and easy to use. Good value for the price, there is no reason we should pay 60 dollars to buy the same thing in apple store.

	
  Got it for my wife for her MacBook Pro, quality is very good. Snaps on firmly and works great. All ports do what they do seamlessly. A must for anyone wishing to have multiple ports to connect/ use. Definitely worth the buy.

	
  I like the fact you can still charge with the adapter. It is a good quality item.

	
  The adapter is super sleek and professional looking, it is very good quality and goes above and beyond the price point. I love that there is a light up indicator to let you know it’s working properly. Super compact and travel friendly! Shipping was EXTREMELY fast! I ordered this product yesterday morning and it arrived before 3pm today! Would definitely recommend this specific adapter for anyone interested in purchasing one.

	
  let me just start by saying this thing is SO COOL. it has 3 USB ports, an SD card slot, and a micro sd card slot! And, while you using it you can charge your Mac at the same time. I have a MacBook Pro and it works great.

	
  Solid piece, stays in place.Small and sleek.Purchased this after my Mac upgrade, in order to connect to a native HDMI monitor.It is metal made and very sturdy. Works fine for audio and video without any problems.

	
  Work good and fine no problem with it

	
  I love the fact that becomes part of the Mac. Very nice and works perfectly. So far so good...

	
  It looks good & the color is matching with the Mac book pro .The adapter can connect with USB Ports , USB C hubs , connect to SD card / micro SD card reader . It really easy to use , Plug & Play. I highly recommend for this product !

	
  I need the type c adapter for my macbook pro since it can not connect to the old usb port. This product is awesome, low price with great connection. Also the transfer speed is very fast! Worth a five star!

	
  I really enjoy how compact it is! So far no issues and a great adapter!

	
  This hub works great with my new MacBook Pro!! Unfortunately, I had already purchased the Apple SD reader and The Apple USB connector for about $100.00!! I am not using them anymore, this hub is too easy! And it works beautifully with my MacBook and matches it as well color wise. I would recommend it!

	
  I love how it can stay on the side of the laptop because it given me more desks space. Also I’m able to connect all my devices instantly with no error messages or incompatibility issues. Overall great buy.

	
  No compatibility issue with my Macbook. It is not trash as I thought, yes to be honest, I did not expect this stuff would work at such price but I did still buy it to try out my luck ! All was beyond my expectation. It works in the end. Satisfying.

	
  This adapter has a solid metallic feel and matches my space gray MacBook Air perfectly. Fastens very securely.

	
  Hate that macs don’t have any plug ins usb already in the computer, but found this and it saved my life. Definitely helpful and easy to use

	
  It worked perfectly!!!

	
  Pretty good

	
  Exactly what I needed! And great price too!!

	
  Nice device. Fit snug into my MAC

	
  Multifunction, very useful.

	
  Great product for the new MacBook Pro

	
  Excelente producto, lo recomiendo amoliamente.👍🏼

	
  First of all you aren’t going to find this type with 6 plug ins for the price anywhere else on the internet or in store. I got it and I’m going to order 2 more because it’s extremely handy and with my Mac computer the latest one u only have to little ports and u can’t really do anything with that unless U have this type of port attached .. so this is a life saver !!

	
  When I realized I needed a USB port for my 2020 MacBook Air 13 to download my tandem insulin pump, this did the trick. It fits perfectly as long as you don’t have a bottom protective cover on your laptop. All of the extra features like a card reader and extra USB ports are a bonus. Price was great and it arrived quickly. Don’t hesitate, it fits and works great!

	
  I was so disappointed when I got my new MacBook Air only to discover I couldn't plug in any of my devices.  Buying this adapter has saved me so much money.  I haven't had any problems connecting anything to my computer.  Perfect

	
  I hate having to swap out adapters and carry them around just to run my mic, power and flash drive. Now it's all in one easy to use attachment and I don't have to give up a power slot for a USB! Exactly what I needed, and thanks for including a carrying sleeve to keep it dust free and ready to us.

	
  Purchased this 2 days ago and so far have used the USB ports and the charging port and both have been working great. I really like how it directly attaches to your computer without a chord so its never annoying when you need to move your laptop around or anything. It also feels like it is made with good material that is not flimsy and comes with a cute little fabric bag for storage. Thanks for creating a reliable and affordable accessory piece!

	
  As much as I love and swear by my Apple products, I am also disappointed each time I purchase a new device as they keep taking away certain ports.  We just bought the new MacBook Pro and no longer has ports for SD cards or thumb drive.  This is a fantastic solution.

	
  it is the best option works very well on my Mac book air 100% recommended

	
  Good! Works awesome

	
  Fits well in my apple computer.

	
  I love this.

	
  Very lightweight and small. I love it. I hate carrying around anything that is bulky and heavy weighted. This can go into your pocket or bag.

	
  Love this product. So convenient to have a adapters in one.

	
  I would like to buy from this company again. Fast delivery and works well.

	
  Good product and durability.

	
  I really liked how easy it was to use. Just plug it in and it does the job really well. Really like how the color matches my mac as well.

	
  Perfect for my new 2020 MacBook Pro , works well , I recommend this brand.

	
  Great product

	
  The adapter fits flush against the side of my Macbook, without hanging cables. And, even though it uses both ports on the laptop, it allows charging by offering a charging port that can also double as a video output port.  Excellent.

	
  Great quality and fits really well on my MacBook Air. I would definitely purchase it again.

	
  I bought a different one (from a different company) that did not work well. This far exceeds the previous one.

	
  This is the perfect USB C adapter for my MacBook Pro. I love everything about my MacBook, but the USB C doesn't help because I always need to plug in different USB devices and this adapter helps me charge my computer while plugging in all my different USB devices.

	
  It works great. My only problem is I have to take my bottom case off to use it.

	
  Downside is that my Mac book cannot have the cover on the bottom with this device because it doesn’t fit properly.  Positive side it’s a life saver when my MacBook Air doesn’t have USB and I have to hook up to my printer sometimes.Works well.

	
  Works great and great value!

	
  This is a cute sleek product that feels light and not a burden to keep on you for when it’s needed. I like how easy it is to use and doesn’t have a need to put much thought into it. Just plug it in and get to work. Love it.

	
  I love that MacBooks have just USB-C ports, but that also makes it difficult to use almost anything else with them. The great thing about this hub is that has almost everything you'll need. You don't need to buy multiple adapters for various peripherals; this handles just about anything.

	
  I bought this USB C Adapter for traveling. It is a 6 in 1 hub, meet all my need for my job. It is easy to attach to my computer, and very light weight to carry. Good performance and faster transfer data from USB B to USB C. I am glad I purchased for the job.

	
  VERY good product

	
  I decided to try this for my MacBook since I lost my Apple adapter. I was half expecting to send it back bc I didn’t think it would work. It’s even better than the Apple adapter that I had, plus it has an extra USB port!!

	
  I think this is a very nice product for my Mac. Unfortunately, I cannot use it while my Mac has a case on it. :( I still will keep it and like it. If I ever need to use it urgently, I'll just take my case off!

	
  I took off 1 star because sometimes it randomly disconnects and I have to plug it in and out for the little light at the bottom to show it’s connected. Other than that it does what it says, no other complains.Update: the random disconnection I was experiencing was user error. It works perfectly.

	
  Looking for something cheap with usb ports so I can use my flashdrive for storage. This device works great.

	
  So far everything about this product is just what I wanted and needed and a lot more!  Could not be easier to use on my 13" MacBook Air.  Seldom do I get a device that satisfies me this much!

	
  Added very valuable usb and micro ports to my new Mac book pro! Very happy with this product!

	
  July 3, 2020 This product work extremely well on a new MacBook Air 13inch New Model 2020. Have no problem using it. If you have a case on your MacBook Air take off the bottom case. So you can use USB C adapter correctly.

	
  Love it. Does the job with ease. It will not charge my MacBook with the adapter on it due to the lack of it connecting but everything else works so it's great from me.

	
  Este adaptador es practico por su tamaño y por las facilidades que ofrece; puertos USB, tarjetas, ademas del conector de carga del computador. Excelente tamaño.

	
  Not bad, easy to use.

	
  I like the product but shipping took so long .

	
  It works really well and fits all usbs

	
  Works prefect on the new MacBook Pro

	
  The product works really well and it works on the go.

	
  Matches color of my laptop very well

	
  Very compatible with MacBook Air 2020

	
  Very useful!!!!!

	
  Completely ideal for any mac

	
  so easy to use. Fits perfectly!

	
  Just as described.  Perfect for my MacBook Air

	
  This is the perfect size for an on the go college student like me. It has multiple ports for a very affordable price which is always amazing. However, I do not like how I cannot have my case on to plug it in. My only negative.

	
  This thing is amazing! I have been using it for a while and it helps to much in doing the work I have to do, and makes being on the go a lot easier as well.

	
  So glad this is compatible with the MacBook

	
  I love the ease of use. Plug it in and all ports are ready for use. Very lightweight and slim. Perfect for my needs for expanding usuable ports.

	
  Fits perfectly with my MacBook Air 2019

	
  😍😍😍😍

	
  Very functional and quality product

	
  I bought a brand new MacBook Air.  It has thunderbolt ports and of course all my flash drives and external drives use USB-C.  With this gadget I can hook up three USB-C devices, my power for my new MAC and camera discs.  Awesome.

	
  Plugs right in and is ready to use.

	
  Came just in time , right when I needed it . Exactly what I was looking for my MacBook Air . I saved myself over $50 on an adapter

	
  It’s very nice and easy to use. Portable and doesn’t get hot. However, it is a bit difficult to insert a usb but other than that, it’s great.

	
  like thistraveling sizebusiness use- daily

	
  exactly what I was expecting.  Fits perfectly and works great with my new Mac to adapt the usb c ports to be able to connect my other devices to my Mac.

	
  This adapter makes it very simple. I even connected a full-size keyboard through this adapter! It is more convenient to input or output these chargers. No need to bring a lot of lines. This is convenient.

	
  Really like this attachment. have to take computer cover off first but other than that it works great

	
  This usb c hub work great with my laptop, the price is very affordable and I would recommend this item to my friends.

	
  This item was beyond my expectationsJust Awesome! GREAT Value for your money.

	
  Amazing product.  Fits exactly right

	
  I just got a new MacBook and no longer have any of the ports I'm used to. It's awesome that the is so small yet fits so many different ports. Would highly recommend.

	
  I love taking pictures and recently I got a new DSLR camera so I was needing a way to transfer my pictures to my iphone or iPad easy and fast, since I found so annoying  transferring pictures through WiFi because it takes so long and after searching for a while found this option which to be honest it is amazing easy to use works just as the Apple Card reader with a better price, easy to carry with you it fits in your pocket, I have three different sd cards and works perfectly with all of them.The best of all it doesn’t need extra apps to work with your phone just connect to your iPad or iPhone and you’re good to go.

	
  I was initially disappointed in this product since I have tried for years to read my trail cams on my iPhone with no success. After seeing the great reviews I said why not and bought it. I noticed it did nothing when connected to my iPhone XR that was jus updated to iOS 13.2.1, but it worked great on my wife’s that did not update yet. After scouring the web I found this trick that works. You have to open the “photos” app (not to be confused with camera app ), and then plug this in. Wait about 5 seconds and you will see the import icon appear in bottom right corner, click it and you will see your photos. My wife’s phone you just plug it in and they just open automatically, but once u update to 13.2.1, you must use the photos app. Mine disappeared from my phone after this annoying update, so if yours did too, just swipe down on your screen to show search box and type in photos. Giving 5 stars for now since it’s apple’s software causing the problem.

	
  This card reader worked just as it's supposed to! I tried it by inserting the SD card from my camera. Just plug it in and after a few seconds the photos appear on the iPhone screen...without any apps or other steps. I also really liked that you can import all the pictures on the card or select the ones you want. Haven't tried it with other data on the card but I expect it will work just as well...if not, I will update this review. I recommend this reader.

	
  I shoot RAW 99% of the time with a Canon 5ds and I needed a method to quickly and easily transfer 50 MP Canon CR2(RAW) files from my SD card to a device while on location or in the field.  I can now view them or show a client in hi-resolution in Photoshop Express or Lightroom on my iPad Pro. It works like a champ!There is nothing to download, no apps to launch. The supplied printed directions are very straightforward. Presuming you already know how to access files on a card and import to your computer, there is a learning curve of less than 5 minutes. You insert the SD card into the port on this SD Card Reader for iPhone/iPad, then plug the Lightning connector into your iphone or ipad.  Within about 5 seconds an interface (like a gallery) launches automatically and you select the files you want (or import all) to download. Choose to import original RAW files or convert RAW to jpeg on the fly. Within the interface, choose the folder you want to import the files to or create a new folder. Click "Import" in the interface and files download to the selected folder. It is as simple as that.As a test, I selected 10 full size RAW files, about 520 mb and it took just less than a minute to import from the SD card to the specified folder on my ipad. The speed is a "non-issue".I'll be shooting the Milky Way at Glacier Point in Yosemite next week and this device should be a huge help for composing, checking focus, exposure, etc. in the dark.

	
  I bought this device so I could use an SD card to store my extensive PDF library. I had been using the SD card in a very clunky wireless device (that shall go nameless, SanDisk!), so I was really looking forward to having a direct connection. And I was not disappointed!I plugged in the SD card into the larger slot, and then plugged the device into my iPad Pro's lightning port. I opened the Files app, and the SD card shows up in the left sidebar as a USB connection.Opening Filebrowser, I can see the Files app as a connection in the left sidebar and, when I open it, I can navigate via the USB device to read files. File browsing and retrieval is quick and easy, and all PDFs show up with thumbnail images. The same is true for PDF Expert. Later on, I upgraded to Filebrowser for Business and found that I can now open the USB device directly in its sidebar. Very nice.

	
  Great product to download my trail camera pictures to my Ipad. Upload in photos on your ipad. Then, I go to my Google Drive app and upload my videos there to watch, save, or delete. Google Drive also lets me "rename" videos too. Example, Deer, Fox, Racoon, etc.Works great. I check my trail cam several times a week. I would definitely buy this again. Very reliable. I can also just load still pictures right into photos. Videos have to process through Google Drive because they are AVI form. Ipad can't read those without converting through Google Drive. There are other apps you can use to convert, but Google Drive was the easiest I found. Great seller. Good price, fast shipping. Thank you! Lynne

	
  I'm relatively new to iPad. Shattered my beloved Sony tablet and there are no decent Android tabs available (I tried a bunch). With no SD card support, I wanted to put my fitness videos on something I could use while away from wifi. This device works as advertised. iOS has no centralized file management capabilities (AFAI can tell...). So, I can see the movies (mp4) - just can't play them. I sometimes forget (not often) that Apple decides what I can and can't do with their hardware....At first, I figured I could call up my video program (PlayerExtreme) and drill down to the SD card, and away I'd go. Didn't show up. The iPad made no discernible noise - -or any other indication that I had a device plugged in. I figured it was defective hardware. I emailed the tech support number and had a reply within an hour. I replied back. The tech person sent me full instructions and a video showing how to access (can only see it in iOS files app - but seeing isn't playing sadly). So - bottom line: hardware works. Tech support is as good as any I've seen.

	
  I purchased this card reading so that I can import photos and videos from my new Sony ZV-1 camera to my iPhone 11 Pro.  After figuring out how to do this properly, I can say that it works great and is MUCH faster than trying to transfer content directly from the camera to the phone via Wifi.I'm using iOS 13.6 on my iPhone 11 pro and this is how it works for my setup:METHOD 1 (for photos only) - Open the Photos app on the iPhone and then plug in the card reader and insert the memory card.  Using this method, the Photos app was only able to "see" the photos, no the videos.  So if the only thing you want to do is import photos, this is probably the quickest and easier method.METHOD 2 (for photos and vidoes) - Open the Files app on the iPhone and then choose the "Browse" icon at the bottom of the window.  You should then see the memory card listed as a "Location".  My card from my Sony ZV-1 was just called "Untitled", which I could obviously change, but I think this is what it calls it when you format the card in the camera.  At any rate, once you choose the memory card from the list of locations, you will see folder icons representing the folders on the memory card.  For my phone, the videos are nested under the PRIVATE/M4ROOT/CLIP folder.  Once I navigated to that folder, I could see all of my videos.  You can select one or multiple files and then touch the sharing icon on the bottom left (looks like a square with an up arrow on it).  Then choose "Save XX videos".  Voila!  Your videos will now be transferred to your Photos camera roll (you may not see the progress, so give it some time).Perhaps not the most intuitive, but no more difficult than importing them on a computer.  Now I can easily and quickly transfer photos and videos from my camera directly to the iPhone without the need for a computer.  This is MUCH faster than trying to send the videos directly from the camera to the phone via Wifi using the Sony app.  That is excruciatingly slow (it's like a 20-1 ratio of time... so a one minute video could take 20 MINUTES to transfer doing it that way).  Using the card reader, it's literally seconds!HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.

	
  I won’t over-complicate this review. Anyone reading about the dongle has an Apple device and needs access to storage. This will give you what you need and is as simple to use as plugging in to your device and going to “Files”. That’s it, nothing else to worry about, works seamlessly. I am going to write a little more, as I had made a mistake on a prior purchase thst this unit resolved.  A couple weeks back I bought a dongle thst was SDCard only. The microSD card I had came with a casing to fit in SD card slots. Well, that was great until the casing was lost. That unit worked well, so kept it.  However, my kids need the microSD slot and we had no interest in relying on the the tiny casing. Came across this 2 in 1 unit and it is a perfectly functioning, inexpensive, highly useful tool!

	
  Finally there’s a quick and easy means of viewing and transferring my photos and videos from my Sony camcorder SD card to my iPhone! I can select which photos to keep while quickly deleting others from the card.I can also use this accessory just like a USB to download photos from my iPhone and iCloud.This SD card reader is such an outstanding simple accessory that I’m surprised Apple didn’t already add this feature a long time ago. This reader’s very well made with a two year warranty and well worth the price that’s very reasonable! No worries losing data when disconnecting.All’s good with this SD reader device  I enjoy very much.

	
  Cable length is suitable, soft and flexible.The workmanship of this product is very good, it is very convenient to disassemble and assemble, the design is very stable, there is no noise during transmission, and the quality is very good.

	
  After the mobile phone is connected, the import appears quickly. Importing camera photos into the mobile phone has a fast transfer speed and is very convenient. No need to install other software, the product is small and exquisite, easy to carry, and very powerful.

	
  This device works great out in the field with an iPhone to check pictures on game cameras.  No additional apps to download.  I had a Moultree version purchased at a sporting goods store that never worked correctly.  This is definitely worth buying.

	
  Fit my iPhone easily and easy to use. Options for TD & SD card are great that I don't need to purchase another card reader.

	
  Wow. This helps a lot!! My computer broke down and I use my canon to take pictures for my Instagram page. So this helps so much instead of transferring all the pictures from my computer then to my phone.

	
  Bought this to read our game camera SD card and it works exactly as advertised. It arrived early too. Definitely worth the money.

	
  The card reader is very practical! Once the SD card is installed, I can see the photos after inserting it into my mobile phone. The upload speed is relatively fast, and the photos I have taken can be immediately uploaded to the mobile phone and posted directly.

	
  Works awesome definitely worth the money and it came couple days early

	
  Worked fine with my iphone 8

	
  Great value for the cost!

	
  Easy to use with my iphone. Copying photos and videos to my phone from my SD card has never been so easy. I love it!!!

	
  N/A

	
  Perfect.

	
  Works great!

	
  I love this little accessory. It makes transferring photos from my Canon T7 to my iPhone super easy. Makes editing on the go 10x easier.

	
  Small and easy to use.

	
  Has been working perfectly! Affordable and reliable! Works on my IPad Pro!

	
  👍

	
  I have used it and very easy to use!!

	
  Great product

	
  Worked exactly as described! Very pleased with the purchase of this item!

	
  Works great

	
  I’m using it with my xs max. It works good and easy to use

	
  Great for needing to quickly upload photos

	
  I was looking for a way to transfer my camera pictures into my iPhone in an easy way and I'm glad I found this option. This product has been what I was looking for! It is easy to use and works as expected.

	
  This card reader is really useful, plug it to the phone or iPad and you got your pictures!! Money/time saver for someone to have a camera without Bluetooth or need to transfer pics/videos all the time. And now for MacBook, a card reader charges separately.

	
  I was able to download all my camera photos to my tablet, so now I can view them whenever I want.

	
  My husband loves this adapter.  He uses it to check his game cameras.

	
  Much less expensive than the Apple version and works just as well.

	
  Item works great for transferring memory card to iPhone.  You just have to plug it into phone and then search for DCIM files and there they are.  Then you can review the pictures and save whatever ones you want to the device.

	
  works great ... i was a little worried, but you just plug it in and you can import photos fast.

	
  Good deal

	
  Way faster for loading videos.

	
  Convenient for trail cams

	
  I wasn’t able to use this on my phone. It could have just been my phone. I was able to use it easily on my husband’s phone.

	
  Fast and efficient.

	
  The price is awesome. My son uses it for hunting too check tail cameras it works great and it's easy to use.

	
  Original purchase was defective. I returned it and received a refund. Seller reached out and helped troubleshoot the problem and sent me another reader at no cost. This reader worked perfectly. Highly recommend not only for product but for service as well

	
  First one was sent back but apparently I didn’t know how to use it. Heir customer service rep called and sent me another with detailed instructions on how to use. Got it figured out and was very pleased!!

	
  It is too painful to put the material on the phone, this is where I do a lot of editing and sharing. Now, it's very easy, no fuss! Just insert it, select what you want to save to the camera roll, and download it quickly! Unplug and finish.

	
  Best invention ever. Was such a pain to transfer photos before. With this I can do it in seconds. Super easy to use. Love it

	
  Works perfect!! The reader doesn’t require an app to use!! Highly recommend this reader!

	
  This device was easy to use. I simply plugged it into my iPhone, inserted the memory card and the photos displayed right to my Phone. I was then able to down load the photos and erase the photos on the card, Or not erase. Your choice.

	
  Perfect

	
  Download on ipad was quick.  It took longer on the iphone

	
  great customer service, first reader did not work the company contacted me to send a replacement.

	
  Works as expected

	
  Holy cow...all the talk about trail cam card readers that don’t work, or are hard to use...for $13 you can’t find a better solution. Could not possibly be easier to use.Easily the best way to view your trail cam pics

	
  Ver easy plug and play and much faster than using wifi.

	
  Works better than I expected.  Takes seconds to transfer 100s of photos off of our gaming cameras.  I love that I don’t have to collect the cards, take them to the house, download the photos and then return them.

	
  Works great

	
  The packaging is high-end and high-grade. Fine workmanship. The appearance is small and regular. The output signal is stable and the connection is normal. Strong compatibility, plug and play, very convenient

	
  So far this has worked great on my iPhone 7 Plus to review our game camera’s

	
  I use this in the field when i have jobs and i can quickly connect the SD card to my iPad and edit photos to send to clients on the spot. Its a must have.

	
  Really quite good, charging quickly, contact with everything is normal, and the interface also did not appear hot signs, interface is also very smooth, also the card is very tight will not fall easily.The quality is very good.Charging is also fast.

	
  The product arrived really fast I immediately opened the box and start using it, this SD card have saved me, I can now transfer my pictures from my camera really fast, it’s well made and durable, definitely  I recommend it 100%, thanks!!

	
  This works well, I use it a lot for downloading my pictures from the trail camera.  No issues Happy I have it.

	
  Bought this for my dad to use with his phone to read SD cards from the trail cameras out in the woods. It’s great and very simple to use!

	
  Product worked as advertised for my iPad Pro

	
  updated review. works excellent. just need to use Files app on phone to open videos on Moultrie card. very happy with this now. please make instructions focus on this aspect for those not as tech savvy. thank you

	
  Perfect for my husband to use to pull images from his game cam!

	
  Excellent customer service! Bought as part of a gift for my daughter. She is very happy with it.

	
  So easy to use, already gotten so much use out of it. So thankful I found this!

	
  Works as advertised. Simple to use. Reasonably priced at $12.75.

	
  Works great small enough to have it in your carry on when you go on a plane or in your camera bag my only thing is the directions dont point you in the right direction on how to import your pictures when you plug the card reader into your phone and insert a memory card you have to go to your photos and there will be a option at the bottom saying import click on that and then you can chose the pictures you want to import to your phone.

	
  My job requires me to make a boatload of videos all the time,so I need a quick way to unload big files out of my iPhone.There are times that installing iTunes is just not a choice.I don’t want to upload the files to Google Drive either since it’s too time-consuming.Naturally, this device fits nicely in the scenario.All you need to do is just put your cards into the reader and plug the reader into the lightning port.You will be able to see another device popping out under “Locations” when you click the blue folder-like “Files” icon.I use this device very often.It is reliable and easy.No software installation needed.I would definitely recommend it.

	
  Grey for getting pictures from my camera to my phone!

	
  I use this device to check my game cameras.  It is a quick download to my phone.  Two thumbs up or 5 stars!

	
  I go with my friend to the beach two weeks ago, she use the camera take some pictures and she thought she cannot load the pictures out until she get home. I told her I receive the sd card reader can plug in the phone few days ago, she can try it. And she did try it, it is very easy to use and carry. She took it from me and let me buy another one. This product works well , I will definitely get my self another one

	
  I am moving over a thousand pictures from my Canon EOS to my iPad and to my Windows laptop. So far, the process has been very transparent and very easy. Taking the card from my camera, inserting it in the card reader and opening the picture file was simple. Just like any other data transfer, the window opens and asks what you want to transfer, then to where. Since the Canon is in .jpeg, it saves the pictures to the iPad in .jpeg instead of HEIC.  I put the SD card directly into my laptop, so the card reader never comes into play in this case. There are HEIC format pictires on my iPhone that I've transfered to my laptop using the card reader, but you need to download a converter to convert the HEIC formatted pictures to another Windows recognized format to view them. It's been time consuming for me to download and transfer this large a batch of pictures, but the effort was worth it!

	
  Use it with my trail cameras for immediate feedback. Works great!

	
  Easy product to use, and my work flow for my photography business has sped up 100%

	
  I am going to a trip where I need to review the astro shots and this is really what I needed. Although, there are some other ones out there, I chose this because it has so many good comments.Only downside is on my iPhone, the photos app does not automatically open and I need to go to Files app to find the pictures which increases the time. So, if you have an older iPhone, it might give you some trouble

	
  When I bought this I had trouble playing the micro-SD card on it.  I emailed the seller and he sent me another one and very detailed directions with how to use it with the updated IOS version.  If you run into any troubles, don't return this product!! Email the seller.  They were timely and very helpful.  I bought this because I have a dashcam and I needed something to keep in the car to play any video if I am ever in a collision.  Great for the money!! AND the seller was super helpful.  Great customer service.

	
  Great reader for in the field downloading of pics.

	
  I love this. Once you figure out how it works, it’s really easy to use. Downloads fast.

	
  No App Required.  Yes that's right.  No download, no user name, no password and no unsolicited advertisements.  Easy to use.  Takes your pics from the SD card and in seconds puts them into your photo library in your Iphone.  I have had 2 different SD card readers and they were nothing but a hassle.  This is exactly as advertised.  I will recommend to my friends.

	
  I got this for the sole purpose that when I am on a photo shoot I cant always trust the little monitor on the back of the camera. So I will pop this into my iPad to review photos or videos. I have had no issue so far. I did receive an email from the company that they received complaints about the new update on the iOS devices giving them issues using this device. I have no tested it yet. So my review is solely on before the new update. I will test it out on the new update and update my review.

	
  I bought this to hopefully replace another card reader from HHE that the app got removed from the apple store. I figured if I had to I could import my trail camera photos to the phone to view them, but you don't have to. You can view them before you select which you wish to import so I really can be used as just a photo viewer. Works great on my iPhone 6s plus.

	
  When I first got the card reader I had trouble getting it to work, I contacted the seller and she worked hard finding the issues and resolved the problem. It was the software version on my iPad ( 13.1.2 ) the instructions for uploading are completely different than what comes with the product. And since the upgrade is newer for iPad, contact the seller for guidance. Don’t think that the reader is defective like I did.  Thank you.

	
  Having read previous reviews and receiving an email from I assume the seller I knew I would need to open my photos app to view the pictures on my sd card. I finally figured out I needed to tap the import button on the bottom right of my screen (iPhone XR) and voila there was my pictures. I’m using this to view the images from a trail camera and it’s much more convenient than waiting for the computer to boot up, wait for it to recognize the card and then importing. As an added bonus after importing pics to my phone it asks if I want to clear the card. Well worth the money I would definitely recommend this.

	
  Worked flawlessly on my iPad, opens right up when plugged in. Couldn’t get it to work on my iPhone the same way but once I learned how i realized it was me. Didn’t expect it to be different on two different Apple devices and that had me stumped. For the phone I have to open Files, browse, and then click on the folder. It’s fast enough and provides me a convenient way to get my game cam pics in the field and then view them later.

	
  Can't believe something like this works so quick and easy. Connected it to my iPad, inserted my camera sd card in the other end and my pictures were there on the screen immediately! Asked if I wanted to keep or delete the photos in my sd card before starts to transfer, and then went straight to my photos. All done. So pleased with this!!!

	
  Quality product and great price. Fast delivery and compatible for iPhones or iPads.

	
  This is a great little device for grabbing pics off a memory card. Genuinely plug and play...insert card, wait for dialogue, select files! Done. Its going on holiday with me and at last I can download as I go. I heartily approve of and recommend this device. Just what I wanted saves a lot of time and so easy!

	
  I’m on my 3rd memory card reader for the year. The previous three stopped working after a small amount of use so I opted for this one. First, the fact that I don’t need to download an app is very appealing. You just plug into your lightning port and open Photos app, you’ll get a little “import” tab and that’s all! No special app, no stupid process to go through to save the files. It has worked great so far and no issues.

	
  Worked really easily and i was able to see the photos from my camera on my phone really quickly!

	
  I use this to upload photos to my phone from a trail camera

	
  UPDATED 04/29/2020The manufacturer contacted me to ensure I understood the limitations of the product, which I did not. It works great with image files, and recognizes directories containing image files. Talk about customer service!Absolute garbage. I have the latest iPad OS, and the thing was only rarely recognized. Even when it was recognized, it only displayed folder names which enumerated, but didn’t display, files.

	
  This thing comes in handy when you go on a trip or when you cant use cameras wifi. I went to Japan and didnt want to bring my laptop. These days you can edit photos on your phone and post them to social media immediately. You dont need your laptop. This gadget helps makes that easier and saves you travel weight. My cameras wifi is a little slow, doesn't always work and doesnt always transfer the best quality files. Good buy!

	
  I have a Canon camera, I am passionate about photography, and I took a lot of pictures with it. But it is very inconvenient to recall these beautiful pictures. It is very simple and practical to view after connecting to the iPhone with this product, and the display effect on the mobile phone is better. It is very good.

	
  I use it for checking my trail cameras works great with my iPhone XR

	
  I have a YouTube channel and will shoot some of my footage on a couple older iPhones I use.This allows me to drop all my footage to the cards without dragging all the equipment off their tripods and into my office.This requires no software/apps to use and works like a champ.Total time saver for me!

	
  Initially I expected the insertion of the card reader (with SD Card in it) to cause the typical pop-up asking me what I wanted to do.  It does not do that on my IOS 13.1.2 iPad.  It does read the files if I scroll through the pull-down, and works fine.  So far I have only transferred from the SD card to the iPad, but I understand it can transfer TO the card as well.  This will be great when I need to send MS Office files to my other non-Apple devices on the road.  This reader now goes with me on my business travels.

	
  This makes it sooooo much easier to transfer pictures!

	
  This is the best one you can buy looks a lot like an Apple product and feels like one and performs like one will buy again if needed, buy this one if your looking for one

	
  I got this to download video from my dash camera; through no fault of the device, the iphone won't download video except the format Apple supports.If you were thinking of getting this device for that purpose; it won't work for that.Not the fault of the card reader; if I had seen that on the description I would not have ordered two.

	
  I honestly didn’t hold out a lot of hope that this would work, but I was pleasantly surprised.  It is truly just a “plug and play” device.  You don’t have to have an app or pair anything.  You just plug it in to your iPad or iPhone, insert your SD card, and it automatically opens in your Photos.  You can see them clearly and select the ones you want to upload or delete.  It has a slot for a micro SD card, too.

	
  Easy To use right out of the box. GoPro photos downloaded faster than over Wifi

	
  Works perfect. Easy to use and no set up or downloads needed.

	
  Great customer service when we had issues with updates on our devices! Works well

	
  Excellent product! Super convenient and easy to use for anyone who uses a camera as their main gear for photography. Photos can be transferred almost instantly after plugging into your phone in the photos app. Best purchase I have made in a while!

	
  Great product and great customer service! After I purchased this product I received an e-mail from the vendor stating that they have had complaints that this product does not work with IOS 13. I have had absolutely no troubles with it and was very appreciative that they took the time to make sure the product worked to my standards!

	
  Got this for my grandson to use for his Trail Cam Disk and it works great

	
  This was the only dongle I could find that let me have more then two SD Cards plugged in at once. Save yourself the countless hours of searching. I already did that. Buy this if you need multiple SD cards plugged in.

	
  The SD card reader is great, compact and portable, a plug-and-play is very convenient, the data transmission speed is fast and stable, 200 photos will be uploaded in a while, very convenient and practical.

	
  Plugged it in and it downloaded every picture quickly to my ipad

	
  Excellent for reading cards on an iPhone. Bought other brands at box stores and they didn’t perform well. This one works. So we’ll I bought another for my hunting buddy.

	
  This is my first time for buying an adapter of this kind and I love it!  Took it on our family vacation to California and was easily able to transfer photos from my Canon Rebel to my iPhone X.  I would highly recommend this item.

	
  Don't know why I didn't get one of these sooner.

	
  This is the best chip reader I’ve bout yet. All the pictures are automatically downloaded to your photo album on your phone. Very easy to use, no downloading an app to use, just plug and play. You go back later into your photo album and delete what you don’t want and keep what you do. Highly recommend this for trail cams.

	
  This SD card reader works really well. I love taking pictures and I travel a lot. It immediately connected to my iPad without messing up around. It saves so much time. Great thing is you don’t need any app to use this reader. Perfect solution for skipping a laptop specially when you are traveling. A perfect go to device you are looking for to make your life easier.

	
  Crap

	
  Used it for viewing trail camera for hunting. Quick to use, actually works better than the card viewers that come with trail cameras.

	
  This is a great value and so far works equally as well as the Apple product. I had heard that this sometimes had problems working with IOS 13, but following the instructions, it has worked just as expected with no issues.

	
  Exactly what I needed.  I have an older camera and older MacBook Air. This allows me to transfer pics to my iPad or Mac via iPhoto without additional adapters.  It connects to my daughters iPhone 8 and my iPhone XR

	
  I bought to use with iPad to view pictures from camera. Straight from box I plugged into iPad, added the sad card and pictures were available in seconds.

	
  Works great!

	
  This works much faster and easier than the system I was using before. Definitely recommend.

	
  The SD card reader is compact and easy to carry. It is very convenient to read camera photos, and the transmission of data is stable and fast. It can be used easily without any software. Very practical!

	
  Easy to download pictures. Downloads the pictures very quickly. Love it!

	
  Works good

	
  I used this to review photos from my trail cameras on my IPad. Completely plug-n-play! Couldn’t have been easier!

	
  This elegant looking card reader is great. Not only is it easy to carry, but it also feels great in the hand.The transmission rate is very fast, usually copy a few G of data, a few minutes to complete, especially good

	
  Awesome! Easy to use gives options to save all, no duplicates, delete stuff on card. All from photos app on iPhone

	
  Very easy to download photos with the instructions for iOS 13

	
  Funciona a la perfección no requiere ningún tipo de instalación, ni siquiera leer el manual, conectas y listo en la galería te aparece la opción de importar. Yo descargue de una memoria de GoPro a un iPhone X

	
  As expected

	
  Product works great

	
  Works great to download trail camera pictures.

	
  Inserting and saving photos to an SD card is very easy, which is better than using iPhoto on an old computer that is too slow and clumsy. And I don’t have to worry about running out of all my cloud storage.

	
  Easy product to use. Take you memory card out of the Trail Cam and stick it in here. Click your photos on the iPhone and import. Doesn’t get much easier than this especially when you don’t have WiFi.

	
  Bought this to transfer photos from my good camera to my ipad/iPhoto account...works like a charm!

	
  Super quick and easy

	
  The quality of this product is very good, the card reading effect is very good, it is very convenient to transfer photos and videos, it is compact and easy to carry, especially practical, and the price is very affordable.

	
  Delivery was next day and initial product operation is as promised. I only plugged it in to iPad so far.

	
  Convenient Love it

	
  Great for checking my trail cameras , no issues with it yet

	
  The item works great but I was really looking for a Card reader that works with an app on my phone. But I’ll keep it and use it when I need to.

	
  First one was faulty but seller was extremely helpful to get that addressed asap. Second one works very well.

	
  Wired perfect for checking trail cameras

	
  Very easy to use. Plug and play.

	
  We use it for deer hunting. Works awesome.

	
  worked really well, photos import much faster than importing directly from the camera

	
  So far so good, hope that it don’t last for 6months

	
  Works like it should. Easy to use. No problems at all. Great product.

	
  The SD iPhone card reader performed as expected. The item was received on time as promised.

	
  Very easy to use  imported pictures from camera to phone fast. Very happy with it

	
  Use this for my deer stand camera - works great, was delivered very quickly.

	
  Excellent and prompt customer service.  Helped provide instructions on how to use with IOS 13.

	
  I bought this tool when going outside the city.  and this tool is very easy to use and not difficult like other tools, besides, the price is very fitting in the bag (saving).  other than that, this tool is durable, because I've used it 2 years, and it hasn't been damaged as well as my other tools.

	
  Works as expected with no additional software required. Overall build quality is good, and the cable seems quite sturdy. It’s nice to be able to unload pictures off of my camera or phone without having to have a computer nearby. Pleased with his purchase.

	
  Used this to make sure pictures were backed up while on a long vacation and it works flawlessly.  Very impressed on the speed and ease of use.

	
  What a great device to have for an amateur photographer who does a lot of traveling. Makes it super easy to upload pics into an IPad instead of waiting to sit at a desktop.Great price, too!!

	
  I failed to read all of the directions, but the seller walked me through set up.  It was easy, and the reader works great.  This seller goes the extra mile to be sure you're happy.

	
  Having issues with SD card reading while attached to my iPhone or iPad. Update, Customer service responded and gave me instructions on how to download on IOS 13,  thank you!

	
  My daughter really wanted an alarm clock that could play music and this fits the bill nicely. She can play all of her MP3 songs and have a nice low-light lamp that adds some pleasant ambiance to her room.

	
  Alright product, at times have to unplug and plug back in.

	
  Your product is very good

	
  Got this for my husband to use with the cards from his game cameras.  Works as stated.

	
  Easy and simple to transfer photos from iphone to memory card.It's portable to take backup of photos or data from iphone. This made my life every easy for backup.Data also transferred fast.No need any additional software to take backup or transfer.It's working perfectly for my old iphone and new iphone 11 pro also.

	
  Great product

	
  This card reader works really well with my iPhone X and can read both micro and regular SD cards. I have no issues transferring files, don’t need any app for it. Simple and easy to use. Perfect solution for skipping a laptop as an in between device.It transfers both pictures and videos, but make sure they’re in the correct format, pictures from camera directly. So glad I found this little gadget!

	
  This thing is like a pocket on a shirt, very handy

	
  First one didn't meet standards so they replaced it with great device and service

	
  Great item, been working like a charm for months now. Wonderful to be able to charge and use headphones simultaneously.

	
  It works perfectly on iOS 13 with SanDisk card. You just plug in and read it from photo, you can see it pop up at the right bottom corner. Also you can write your iPhone photo to the card through iOS FILE. The writing speed is so so but still very convenient. I recommend this product!*Pay attention, it doesn't work with SONY card. The customer service is nice.

	
  Not sure, this was a gift

	
  Does exactly what it’s supposed to! I use this to unload photos from my DSLR to my iPhone for editing. Transfers images quickly and easily.

	
  I used this card reader to transfer pictures from my camera to my iPad. It is very easy to use.

	
  I got this to keep in my camera bag so I can transfer pictures to my phone. I can transfer it over WiFi but over WiFi it doesn’t send full size like this. It works with my Sony camera and is small and light enough to carry in my camera bag.

	
  Works flawlessly

	
  Worked perfectly the first time I used it. Need to get another so myself and my husband has one.

	
  Ordered for my daughter. She loves the flexibility of being able to transfer photos easily

	
  Worked ok first two times I plugged into my iPhone.  Now does not connect.Update:  I did not make a claim for a replacement but the vendor contacted me about my review months after and offered to replace it. Just received the replacement and it works as it should.

	
  👌

	
  Worked perfectly between my Nikon 6200s SD cardAnd my IPhone 10 MAX PRO

	
  It feels like something from Apple. It’s high quality and I don’t usually write reviews but this actually impressed me.

	
  It does exactly what I bought it for , to check trail camera in the field on the go without any hassle of taken my phone out of its caseSimple easy to use and it was described correctly

	
  Purchased for use to read SD card in my deer-cam. Works perfectly for the intended use.

	
  Great little reader... super convenient for checking trail cameras... until I left it in my packet and washed it.... definitely buying another one!!!

	
  This is easy to use.  Using my Canon wireless app to download photos was complicated.  This works very well.  Forget about the Canon app.

	
  The package of the product is exquisite. It's very good. Yan's product quality is excellent. It's excellent. It's very, very good. Its performance is good. It's easy to use. It's very easy to use. No problem has been found. Compatibility is also very good, great, first-class products. It looks beautiful. It matches with the computer. It matches very well. It's perfect

	
  Simple, contracted, the overall shape is more regular, square.The case of card reader is made of environment-friendly, non-toxic and high temperature resistant ABS material, with excellent workmanship and comfortable feel.Adopt dual chip design, stable fusion HUB expansion and card reading function.Achieved a multi-purpose machine, very practical.

	
  Works good if you have enough signal, no n idea why you have to have signal for this to work.

	
  The first one that I bought not work. The second one worked. Remember if you’re using iOS 13 and above you need to use the Files app

	
  I make many purchases a year and these were in the top ten. Would buy again. Great gifts for anyone.

	
  Love this little gadget.  I can download pics from my camera to my iPad in a jiffy.  Love this!

	
  Works as advertised. I use it to transfer photos from a 35mm camera.

	
  Works consistently on a variety of iPhone models and iOS versions, all tested except the exact combination of iPhone 6S Plus running iPhone 13.4.  Saw one other customer comment with similar problem on iOS 13.4 too.  For me, upgrading to iOS 13.4.1 (which was possible after it came out) did work and let the SD adapter device be found.  Seems a good value, great customer support.

	
  Use it to check my trail cams works great

	
  Easy process and do much faster to convert pictures from camera to iPhone

	
  Just as expected... great low cost choice for checking trail cam's

	
  Easy to use

	
  nice itemthank you

	
  I loved this item! I was really unsure if it was actually going to work, but it works, and it is so wonderfully easy to transport your photos from your card, to your phone!

	
  To review trail cameras

	
  Great service and works great

	
  Very good product and no App needed!

	
  thank you so much

	
  Awesome. Fast and easy

	
  So easy for my 85 year neighbor to transfer photos to her iPad

	
  I like the ease of use.

	
  Great product can finally download my raw photos to my phone

	
  Work great

	
  i’ve been taking photos for 5 years and this reader has made it the best and easiest way i’ve ever gotten my photos from my SD card! 10/10

	
  Easy to use and upload pictures

	
  Downloading photos from my camera disk. Love it!

	
  Great product

	
  Works

	
  Quick and easy to view and get pictures downloaded

	
  It is very easy way to read your trail cams while hunting. Just plug it in and go.

	
  The goods have been received by the merchants. The service attitude of the merchants is very good. The quality of the products is good

	
  Easy to useUseful - Convenient for traveling

	
  It works.

	
  I put it in my iPhone and iPad and it started working right away!!

	
  Works perfectly, easy to use quickly transferring. Great product!

	
  Very pleased with this product! Works well.

	
  It is a little thing and simple but works really well. Great for transferring large pictures and videos quickly from an SD card to your phone. Love it and will reccommend to my friends

	
  Eliminates the need to use a computer. I was actually able to transfer my wedding video from sd card to to my iPhone. Transfers videos straight from go pro to iPhone via sd card.

	
  I had difficulty transferring my pictures to my computer and was looking for card reader that can transfer them to my iPad and iPhone. It works great . I will definitely recommend this product to anyone who looking for a card reader

	
  This is a simple unit. Works great

	
  Easy to use. Very good product.

	
  Bought two and neither work

	
  SD Card Reader has been received.Just like what the merchant introduced,the speed of reading Card Reader is very fast and is it very convenient to carry.Is really a good business,will recommend to friends in the future,give businesses a five-star praise.

	
  I was looking for something to transfer all my photos and it does do a good job with transferring so I would recommend this product to customers.

	
  Nice addition to the ipad

	
  Awesome product

	
  Works as advertised

	
  Very good customer service.

	
  I have two SLR cameras. We like to take photos and record everything in our daily life and travel, but it is tedious to view those photos. This product solves the problem, just insert the SD card into the card reader and then connect to my pad, you can easily view it.

	
  Works great on my iPhone

	
  I bought this to read files on my iPad. It works perfectly with new ipadOS. I am able to read and write files on my iPad directly.

	
  This little gadget is awesome! It can be used for any size SD card. I am now able to see pictures from my old cards. Highly recommended.

	
  This is a very useful card reader to carry around.  The size is just right that you can put it in you pocket, or in my case, in my purse.  The reader transfers my photos and videos very quickly and super easy.  When the pandemic is behind us, I can't wait to bring this with me when I travel.

	
  I have iOS 13 and it’s as simple as plugging it in, opening the photo app and hitting import on the bottom right corner. Worked exactly how it should’ve

	
  Great little device so I can take great pics using my Nikon DSL camera and take the SD card immediately out to drop pics on my teens phones. They dont want to wait for me to transfer the pics to a computer or send them to them. Instant gratification!

	
  This product worked great. I was able to transfer Nikon pictures from an SD card to my iPhone 11 Pro Max running both iOS 13.1.2 and 13.1.3. Just plug it in and Photos app adds Import option on bottom menu bar. Works great . . . could not be easier!

	
  The product has been received, the packaging is very delicate, the white is very simple and elegant, very elegant, very simple and convenient to use, the use effect is very good, better than I expected, durable and safe

	
  Convenient adapter for my apple products.  Easily transfer photos and videos from phone to ad.  Also watch movies from ad card without taking up space in my phone.

	
  Fantastic!!!I have an older GoPro w/memory card and this is perfect to use w/my phone.Thank you!!!!

	
  I always wanted to have a mini card reader with me as I travel more with my go pro and camera to take pictures and videos . But I may not carry my laptop all the time to import media files from memory card to phone . With this product , I am so much satisfied as I am able to access any kind of files very easily . This is very helpful and easy to use . Products works well too and delivered on time . I would recommend this to everyone who uses the media so much

	
  I have tried many card camera reader and worked out not so well.  When I saw this product and will like to buy one try out, the card camera reader just received today and I tested with my iPhone XS Max and it comes out great.  It is easy to use and no driver installed.  Also, the shipping is so quick and arrived on Sunday. Definitely I will recommend it to my friends.

	
  Works fine. No problem

	
  Excellent product.  Very fast transfer of photos from camera card to iPad. I had to buy this when I replaced my iPad and connection had changed but I wouldn't be without it. A holiday/ vacation essential for me. If you use a camera I recommend this

	
  Product stopped working after a few weeks but she reached out to me and sent me a new one In working condition. Excellent customer service and was on top of her product making sure I was happy about what I purchased.

	
  This card reader was a life saver! As I do not have a laptop, and my previous card reader would not suit my desk top. As soon as I received this reader, I immediately put it to use. I was very impressed with the ease of use, and how quickly it loaded photos off of my camera onto my iPhone! 10 out 10 stars

	
  Easy to use but large card slot stopped working after the third use.

	
  I like to make a lot of videos from my drone but it was always hard to transfer videos from my drone app to phone but now because of this SD card reader i can easily transfer all pictures and videos in their original quality and it`s very fast too. I can also easily put this card reader in my drone`s backpack and it takes no space.

	
  First one was a dud, but customer service was great and was replaced with a working unit using expedited shipping, very handy for viewing dash cam videos on the fly with the ios!

	
  It worked great for taking the pictures from my camera to my Ipad while on vacation. So that I could review and delete what I did not like or was taken poorly on camera. Highly recommended.

	
  Bought this to check trail camera pictures, it works better than the hunting brand ones (I threw the others away after 1 use). Pictures upload quickly, and you can clear the card from the phone.

	
  Simple and easy. Can check my game cameras and download and delete unwanted pictures at each camera without having to wait for a laptop. Makes making my rounds on the property a snap.

	
  I have to check 10 trail cameras set up in remote locations in the woods. This small dongle helps me easily check the add cards right in my iPhone. Durable, small, and won’t break the bank.

	
  I purchase this so that I can quickly transfer photos from my Sony A6400 to my iPhone (since Sony’s wireless transfer app is GARBAGE).I LOVE this little device.  It is inexpensive and works perfectly.  Once you plug in and insert sd card, the iPhone automatically goes to the photo import screen.  You can choose to delete or save photos once you import.Highly recommend this item!

	
  Just what I need as a photographer with iPads. I have tons of pictures stored in my iphone and ipad and it's always a pain to transfer these images to computer to save some space to my devices. This gadget helps me a lot with this purpose. It also helps to transfer photoes from camera to phone. I can pick and choose which photo I want to transfer. The transfer speed are not bad. Good device, highly recommonded.

	
  I didn’t have much faith in this device working, with my old Canon powershot camera and old iPad. Took the sd card out of the camera with years and years of images that I’ve never seen bigger than the 2” screen of the camera, plugged it into the iPad, went to “camera” “import” and there they were. I uploaded the ones I wanted to see and left the rest knowing that anytime I wanted to I could see them and share them.

	
  I returned it only to learn that it is an upgrade from what I have used before. It reads WORD files and much more and both uploads and downloads.Good device.

	
  All around great product! I use it with my PowerShot SX60 HD memory card (I have WiFi, but this is easier sometimes when others want pictures ASAP and don’t have the Canon app). Great quality so far and I am happy!

	
  This SD & Micro SD card reader works and appears to be well made quality product.  We’ve only used it 3-4 hours total, so no idea on reliability....

	
  This SD card reader for the iPhone makes my life SO MUCH EASIER. SD cards are required for many of the electronic devices I use and it was somewhat inconvenient to have to use my laptop all of the time. For the price, this has been a score of a purchase! It is easy to use and extremely convenient where I do not have to remain stationary at my computer. Thank you so much!

	
  This works very well on iOS 13.3.1 I just need to sit in my car. I just pulled a mircoSD card from the dash cam. then, a slot on my iPhone. I have to delete the file when it is fully loaded as a file that is stored on the memory card on my dashboard cam. I am tired of carrying a micoSD card and walking home later, and taking my laptop. Thank you seller. so far I really like this

	
  I had issues with this product at first because my phone wouldn't register it so I updated my phone as it is recommended and that fixed the problem. Aside from that, it is very easy to use. Just plug into your iPhone and go into the files folder or into the photo app and use. Be aware that not all media types transfer as stated.

	
  Like the normal connect, easy to use and carry when traveling. The best thing I found is that the transfer speed is good enough for photo or video at over 10 mb/s. It also compatible with the document app on iPhone or iPad!

	
  This is perfect to import your CD card from your digital camera or Android phone. I then transfer those pictures to a Sandisk  wireless stick through a app on my iPad and iPhone ) if you are a professional (or wanna’ be) you can check your picture quality, edit and crop before you send them on over the net or on to the Sandisk flash drive (stock.)

	
  Review update: reordered thinking product was defective. Found out it was a device malfunction. Card reader is awesome. Half the price of device manufacture’s and makes photo viewing on my phone a breeze, no tablet, laptop or desktop to worry about.

	
  I was honestly very skeptical about buying these off brands memory adapter in the first place, however, for the price I didn’t mind spending the money and give it a shot. So at first, I did have an issue with video popping up on my device after plugging the adapter in, but maybe that could’ve been my error. After trying a second time and multiple other videos it worked via the photo app on my devices and also the files app on my devices. Best $12 I’ve ever spent honestly! I am using a high quality 128GB memory card by the way. Not sure how this adapter would performs with a low quality memory card.

	
  Absolutely fantastic customer service! They went above and beyond to help me trouble shoot and fix an issue I was having with the reader that was ultimately software related. Works really well and makes checking and deleting hunting cams extremely easy and fast

	
  This adaptor is easy to use.  You can save pictures to your phone from the SD card or save your pictures from your phone or other devises to the SD card.  This really helps out with the memory on your phone.  If you are like me I do not have a lot of memory, now I transfer my pictures to an SD card and not my phone.

	
  To be able to back up photos on trips and share have had to lug a laptopThis gadget works  perfect uploading to cloudWorks with JPG and Nikon rawGreat!!It stopped working on ipad 13.1.2 software!!

	
  If you buy this and have an iPhone with an ios 13, you will think that it doesn't work, but it will. However, you will have to go to "files" on your phone to make it work. On my phone, I insert the SD card , plug it into my phone, hit the files button, and then hit "browse". When I do that, the word "Browning" comes up, because my SD Cards came out of a Browning trail cam.  Your info will probably be different. From there just click on whatever pops up, and it will take you to your pics. Also, this company is excellent to deal with. I thought mine didn't work when I got it. I emailed them at the address they provided on a card that came with my  card reader, and Anna walked me through the process. Excellent customer service!

	
  Works flawlessly and allows you to instantly put memory card photos on your phone and chose which ones you don’t want. Also allows you to delete photos off of memory card with your phone. Very nice quality.

	
  Everyone who uses a professional like camera but hates the process of using your laptop as a middle man so that you can post those pics with your phone this is for you. I absolutely love this and wish I bought one sooner! Great easy to use and worth every cent. I definitely recommend

	
  I use both the mini SD card and the full-sized SD card from my game cameras. Absolutely no problem at all reading the files on my iPad. You do have to use the files app Or similar on  the iPad to see the picture.

	
  Great product and makes loading picture on the go way easier.

	
  Due to the update of ios 13, I thought the card reader did not work, actually I was not using  the card reader correctly. I emailed the company and received a quick response. Lalisa, customer service rep, proved me with clear, detailed and easy to follow instructions for using the reader with the iOS update. Reader works perfectly.

	
  Very easy to use, basically plug in and pics from the SD card show up in a folder in your phone pictures. Easy to import to phone so I can post pics from nicer DSLR camera without having to get on a computer.

	
  On the go or at home downloads pics from sd cards

	
  I take video and picture shots with my mavic mini, land, take the sd card out, plug it in my phone , and import pictures in no time. This adapter is perfect and has given me no trouble. The connection is A+ . The quality is also excellent. Just what you would expect and more.

	
  This card reader works just like I hoped it would.  I just go to the photo app, wait a few seconds until I see import and then choose the photos I want.  Something to note, I shoot my photos in jpeg and raw.  Apparently the card reader will only do one or the other, but not both at the same time.  BeforeI updated my phone to iOS 13 it would only import the jpeg files.  Since updating it only does the raw file.

	
  Easy to use!! Works great!!

	
  Although I had a problem with my first SD card reader, the company replaced the item without question. Great customer service!

	
  I use this for a 64 Gb card from my Sony a6300 camera. I have an iPhone 7. This thing is really seamless - I can either go just to my pictures or to my files and easily import raw pictures and even my 4K Sony video files. I’m not sure about the quality of this yet but I will update if it ever breaks and probably buy another one. This is so cool I’m excited to use it more

	
  Very easy to use! Just plug into your phone and the photos from the SD card will appear under Photos. Then you can select which photos or videos to import. It even remembers which files you’ve already uploaded onto your phone. One negative thing is the photos only appears as thumbnails before you import them, so if you’ve taken several of the same photos, it may be hard to select which one exactly you were wanting to upload. But it’s a simple and fast way to get photos from your DSLR to your phone, especially while traveling.

	
  This is a great product! Works on my daughter's IPhone XS wonderfully and very fast. Easy to transfer photos without the hassle. Highly recommended.

	
  Solved a problem and works great

	
  Excellent design. I mean it has multiple uses, which is crazy. One use has paid for itself. It's totally worth it to me, it's definitely helpful for other things.

	
  There is no problem in using the reader and it is very comfortable to use. Literally, the connection is complete and no drivers are installed at all. I try to use multiple ports at the same time

	
  Really like it, it’s super easy to use and super handy... I can bring it anywhere and just upload my pictures quickly on to my phone

	
  Very resourceful. Was able to read my sd card with ease.

	
  Works great with my iPad 6

	
  Didn’t work for me

	
  When I first plugged it into my iPad, it worked and I downloaded my pictures. However, now it is not working. I have tried my iPad, iPhone, and my wife's iPhone.

	
  Dumping my camera pics into my IPhone has never been easier! It’s so easy to dump them, edit them and bam -your done!

	
  Un artículo sencillo y muy útil para viajes

	
  Works good. Great customer service.

	
  This is perfect... now I don’t even need to wait until I’m in front of my computer to transfer pictures to my phone. Just plug in to my phone and it’s all done in seconds..

	
  Works as intended!

	
  I have android and iOS cell phones... I love the iPhone but it isn't pratical at all... this adapter saved me! thanks

	
  Works great

	
  I use this to view pictures off my game camera in the field and it has worked great

	
  Works great ! Quick uploads and easy to use. Love it !

	
  Works great

	
  It is easy to use. It is worth every penny you spend.

	
  this card reader is as simple as it gets,plug it in to iOS device and import.

	
  Good product.  Works well.

	
  I’m so so very happy with this!! Works just like they said!! Certainly has made transferring pics from my camera to my IPhone so much easier!! Love it!!

	
  It's very light-weight, not bulky by any means, and perfect for the advised use.

	
  This product made it easier to give my clients their photos ! Big help for a small price !

	
  Does what it claims to do.  No issues.

	
  Works perfectly to quickly and easily import images from an dd card to an iPhone or iPad.

	
  I use it checking my trail camera. It works fine and easy to use.

	
  Works perfectly like an Apple Product, so far.

	
  Works as expected. Saves carrying a laptop in the woods to check trail cameras.

	
  Just what I needed,  works great

	
  Works great. Easy to use

	
  Easy to use.  Great for checking trail cam.

	
  It works.

	
  Works as advertised

	
  Works great, carry it with my hunting gear

	
  Super easy. Works great.

	
  Every easy to use

	
  It works great!

	
  aWESOME WORKED

	
  Kicks ass. Simple.!!

	
  Good product

	
  good product.

	
  Easy to use

	
  Game camera

	
  convince when transfer pic from camera to phone

	
  Like the fact that company emailed me about a problem with the devise working with the new iphone update. Fixed the problem by sending me illusions on how to use the devise with iphone.

	
  I really love the design & simplicity of the device. It’s super easy to use & has zero flaws for its purpose. The price is a little too high for it but it’s doable. Overall i love it.

	
  Works great!

	
  Easy to use on iPhone. Good for backcountry and at home.

	
  This is so easy to use and has made taking pictures and videos on my camera soooo easy to import! its one of the best things I've ever gotten and its made my life so much easier. Highly Recommend!

	
  Makes the transfer between devices so easy!

	
  I bought this for my husband for his trail camera and he loves it!!! Super easy to use!

	
  Easy to use even though my devices didn’t seem to like some of my SD cards that’s plugged in and worked with others very quickly and easily

	
  Did its job. If I need another one I would buy again.

	
  This device is so easy to use! No app. Just plug it in to your phone and open up your photos. A new icon will appear to download the photos to your phone. Love it!

	
  Easy to use great for showing cops when your dash cam picks up somebody hitting you. Or checking get cameras with smart phone

	
  It works and is easy to use

	
  It’s very simple to use even with the latest update. You plug your sd card In, then plug into your device, open your photo app and there it is. Just import your pictures and you’re good to go.

	
  Seems to work just fine, reads SD or micro-SD. For ios 13, use the Files app to browse card contents. Great for traveling!

	
  Seems Sketchy but it works!

	
  High quality, easy to use. Works perfectly for TeslaCam and Sentry Mode!

	
  I purchased this card reader for a recent trip to California.  This card worked amazingly well!  After a day of photo shooting, I could move the photos to my iPad or iPhone in an instant while still out.  It frees up space on the camera and also allows me to share a photo on the fly.  I would highly recommend this product!  You can't beat it for the price!

	
  Works perfectly and reads my SD card (with adapter) everytime.  Allows me to copy my SD card images to my iPad very easily.

	
  It works. Having the dual slots (SD/Micro SD) isa blessing when checking multiple trail cams using different card types.

	
  It was great to take with on vacation to download my underwater pictures to my iPad

	
  For some reason I bought this hoping that I could transfer information from my iPad to a SD card. Unfortunately I found out after I bought this that usually transfer from an SD card to the iPhone. I don’t have any use for this item but I guess it works

	
  Works great with my iPhone and allows me to look at pictures from trail cams while still out on the ranch.  Small, sturdy and does what it's supposed to.

	
  I really like the micro sd and standard sd slots. This eliminates the need for an adapter.

	
  Easy to use and mobile

	
  Great customer service!!!! I was contacted , letting me know how to operate the reader on my phone, unfortunately the reader did not work. Customer service kept in contact with me and provided assistance in helping get the reader to work on my phone. When everything failed, customer service sent me a new reader. The new reader works fantastic and was a great value. Anna the customer service rep was outstanding!!! Thank you

	
  Works great for my husband to check his deer camera without having to bring the SD cards back home. Much more convenient.

	
  I don't have to have any special electronics to view pictures on my SD cards for game cameras. Simply plug and play.

	
  Great for hunting! throw it is your pack so you can check trail cameras quickly. You can just download them to you phone and immediately put the card back in the trail cam. I look at the pictures on my phone after I'm up in the tree waiting for the action to start.

	
  If your camera uses an SD card and doesn’t have WIFI, this may be the best way to push pictures out using your phone, very quickly.

	
  Great item - very useful in the field and on the go

	
  Very easy to use and simple. This connects to any iOS device like an iPhone and allows you to read and write images, photos, videos, and other data without the need to download any application unlike other card readers. It’s very simple to use and utilizes the stock Apple files app which is great.

	
  Card from GoPro camera fits in device and videos transfer. Can’t believe I was able to get it to work. If I can do it almost anyone should be able to.

	
  Bought one but it froze up so I exchanged it and it’s working great for seeing my trail cam pictures

	
  The card reader worked for a few days, as soon as apple done an update it no longer works. The company selling these are aware of this, I asked for a replacement all they did was give me the runaround. DONT BUY!Update: the company sent me a new one, and it works fine.

	
  This is a great product to use with your ipad and/or iphone.  Been looking for something like this so that I can download my photos instead of using the wifi option on my cameras which can take some time.  The SD card reader transfers your photos very quickly.  Bought one for my husband.

	
  So happy with this adapter! I went on a vacation and took a bunch of photos with my camera, I didn’t need to use a computer, I just stick the memory card in this adapter and connect to my phone I can post photos to social media right from there!

	
  Zero problems when used on trips into Alaska, British Columbia, The Yukon and along the Pacific Coast Highway.

	
  Baby received, small and exquisite, the material is very good, have been thinking about buying this kind of equipment to transmission to store my photos, I see this product to see the statement is very good, who knows what it's really useful, to use the equipment operation is normal, I tried the SD card in the camera, as long as the power supply will be immediately appear on the iphone really soon have no spare other procedures simple and quick, can use SD card to store after my big PDF library, very practical, super like your purchase,

	
  Perfect! Works awesome with my iPhone and iPad! Fast downloading too!

	
  This product was just what I needed.  For a long time I kept my nice Canon camera on the shelf because I wanted the ease of taking pictures and getting them on my phone to share easily. This handy gadget has let me take photos from the SD card in my camera and straight to my phone. Love it.

	
  Just as promised. No issues. No app required just plug and download.

	
  I think I had to update iOS to get this working, but once I did it worked like a charm. I got this for my dash cam so that if I ever catch anything I can pull the video off right there and then and send it to any relevant parties.

	
  Works great with phone and ipadt

	
  Fast and works perfectly

	
  I inserted the SD card of my camera and connected it to the phone, and a surprise appeared. My phone immediately recognizes the photos in the SD card. To know that I used to use WiFi or Bluetooth before, now I don’t need such a cumbersome step, just insert the SD card to connect to the phone! Great!

	
  Before the IOS 13 update it was simple by just plugging it in and the pics just popped up. Now with the update you have a couple extra steps to do, by clicking the photos icon and on the bottom task bar go to import and select what pics you want to import.

	
  Ease of use plug and down load

	
  Love this ! So easy to use for photography and downloads quick

	
  Was as stated worked as should !!!

	
  Card reader worked as good as advertised. Make sure Iphone, IPad or whatever device your using is up to date on all updates. Follow onscreen prompts  and pictures will load properly. Well worth the money.

	
  It works on iPhone 11 Pro.

	
  The storage of photos has always been a big problem for me. I want to transfer and save the photos from my phone, but it is difficult. This adapter can be inserted into the SD card, and the connection is very convenient, it is perfectly compatible with my mobile phone. It's great!

	
  No app required, I just plugged it into my phone and all the pics were in my “imported” folder!!! So easy to use! Take regular SD and Micro-SD

	
  seller sent another device to me, it worked.thanks

	
  Product works as it should. Works as soon as you place the card in to import. Others I have bought were not as good this is the one to have!

	
  Works as intended

	
  Works good. Happy w/purchase. Plugs directly into my IPhone S7 just as I wanted and allows me to see information on SD Card, instantly, without computer, out in the field!

	
  This is easy to use. Great for camera to phone/pad transfer

	
  Works awesome, I recommend it a lot.

	
  I received the sd card reader quickly and I am happy with it. Works as described and I would recommend to others.

	
  Just as pictured.

	
  My husband uses this for our trail cams.. he’s 100% satisfied.. fast service and great quality

	
  Great product for quickly transferring photos from camera card to cell phone! Also incredible customer service! Thank you!

	
  Highly recommend

	
  Worked perfectly

	
  This was received in a timely manner and I was surprised how quickly it allowed me to transfer my photos without any knowledge at all

	
  fast & reliable

	
  Glad I bought this! Works great for viewing my photos on my game cam.

	
  Good product works with my iPad 6th Gen I haven’t had any problems with the comparability

	
  Easy to use for my i pad.  Works great.  I do recommend it.

	
  product does what it's supposed to. haven't had any issues with it. nice gadget to have

	
  Well worth the price for what I need. Quick and easy to use/download pictures and videos.

	
  Small and works great for transferring off the digital camera SD card.

	
  Just as the title says, got her fast and does exactly what it said it would

	
  East to use

	
  Quick and easy to use.

	
  Works on my iPhone 10 to sharp big screen tv.

	
  Took out of the package, plug and go.  Used to down load pictures from trail cam SD card to phone.  Worked great.

	
  I like the fact that all you have to do is plug it in and the pictures pop up on the iPad , and you select the ones you want to download.

	
  I DIDNT KNOW SUCH A GREAT PRODUCT EXISTED AND I NEEDED IT

	
  Just what I was looking for and at a good price.

	
  Fantastic little device! Works perfectly and easily.

	
  The card reader is great. Easy to use and fast

	
  Perfect for hunters

	
  it’s amazing for on the go downloading, especially during a photo shoot!

	
  Super easy to use. Highly recommend for any photographer!

	
  Good product and customer satisfaction is top notch with this company!!

	
  Perfect for what I use it for

	
  make sure you go to files, not photos. love this product

	
  The SD card worked with my XR I Phone great for checking trail cameras

	
  Reading trail cam pictures.

	
  Simple to use

	
  Worked great!

	
  Easy to use!

	
  Good product

	
  Works great

	
  Works great! No problems no complaints

	
  Works great easy to use

	
  Works as advertised.

	
  Works as it should!!

	
  I am happy with this SD card reader.  I purchased it to upload raw video files from converted Super 8mm family films to my iPad.  Worked like a charm- it enabled me to do the editing on my iPad.  Good quality.

	
  This was a really easy and inexpensive way to transfer pictures and video from my Camera to my iPhone.I just stuck the SD card in the adapter, plugged it into the lightning port on my phone and it automatically detected it. A screen popped up asking to select which pictures I wanted to import or if I wanted to import all.Couple clicks and it was done.Very fast and  easy to use.

	
  Works perfectly! We use it to check our trail camera pictures and to transfer pictures from my dslr camera to my phone

	
  Initially we didn’t receive the product .. the package came empty. However we got a new one the next day and it works like we expected it to. The customer service apologized for the empty package and has been attentive to make sure the product lived up to our expectations once we received it.

	
  It’s card reader I plugged it in and it worked.  Check back in six months and I’ll know if it is durable.

	
  Easy to use. Just as described.

	
  Works pretty well to offload pictures from my phone or from my DSLR camera. Saves me a lot of memory on my equipment.

	
  Buy them in 2. So easy to use and very cheap

	
  Great product, i use it with my drone and i can get pictures fast from it. Pairs instantly with the iPhone.

	
  It works great.

	
  Finally, an easy way to transfer photos! My canon camera is the one before the wireless transfer and my laptop would take forever to upload. Just connect to phone, check recent files and it’s all there! No batteries needed and it’s small and compact to put in my purse.

	
  Great product!

	
  It’s really an artifact. After he went out to shoot, he could import it to his mobile phone to view it. It’s really convenient to import photos without going home every time. It’s a quick video to introduce a video. The speed is still very fast. It only took a few minutes and it was really fast.

	
  Awesome product! Perfect for game cameras

	
  Easy to use. Great for traveling. Transfers photos from a camera to my iPad very fast. I am happy with it.

	
  Very easy to use. Can make folders also.

	
  Easy to use and reliable

	
  good buy

	
  Love it

	
  As long as you read the directions, it will work perfectly.

	
  Works perfectly with my iPhone XR. I bought this to check my trail camera pictures and it works just like it should. Excellent price. Plug it in, insert SD card, then go to your photos to import photos. Three easy steps. It’s working fine for me.

	
  How easy it is to use. Great device to have to view photos from a memory card. Right from trail camera.

	
  The external SD card conversation card reader for Apple mobile phones is practical and convenient. I can upload the SLR camera photos to the phone album at any time, plug in the card and use it directly, which is very convenient.

	
  This device makes seeing photos from my SD card on my iPad and iPhone so easy. I love it.

	
  Needed to use an app to convert video files to MP3 for iPhone but that’s not the fault of the card reader.  I’ve had zero issues since updating to IOS13, very happy with this purchase.

	
  Great price and quality for the price. Works exactly as intended for transferring from a memory card to iPhone and iPad. As noted in the description, it doesn't work in the other direction, but there's no real need for that.

	
  Easy to use.  Just plugged it in my phone and opened my photos folder and there was a tab at the bottom to import photos.  Simple as that and I can take it to the woods and view trail camera photos on the spot.

	
  High-performance card reader with fast transmission speed, convenient and practical! The card reading speed, upload photos fast and stable, the picture quality is still clear. Small and portable, extremely convenient to use.

	
  I've been looking for a SD Card Reader for a long time until I found this product on Amazon. Very satisfying experience overall! The product is cool and it came in a nice little package. You can tell by the look that it is high-quality. It works perfectly fine on my phone. Definitely would recommend!

	
  I look forward to testing it’s performance.  I’ll report my findings..

	
  This gadget is Amazing! My boyfriend and I have a Cannon Rebel with no wireless connection. Putting your SD camera card into this is so much easier than downloading from the camera to a computer! For reference I used my iPhone 11 Pro and it worked great. Opens up in photos once you plug it in, then a little import button will appear in the bottom right hand corner and from there you just pick which photos you want to import!

	
  Works as promised. Good product

	
  GOOD DEVICE. Plug it into either my Apple iPhone or iPad, then insert my camera’s SD memory card into the other end and I am then given the choice to copy “selected” or “all” photos from the SD chip into iPad or iPhone. Well made and simple to use. Uncomplicated. Has been perfect for my needs.  I bought two; one for “home” and another for my “carry on bag”.

	
  Amazing product! I don’t have to wait till I get home to review photos properly. This paired with Lightroom Mobile is simply the best. Highly recommend to other photographers.

	
  Convenient product. It has slot for sd and microSd cards. Now i dont have to pay for extra storage on my iCloud storage and i still can have all the information I need. Nice to have it !!! Recommend it highly

	
   I didn't even know something like this existed, but I love it. Great idea, and super easy (and fast) to use and transfer photos with!  A+

	
  I got this so I can transfer raw files form my point and shoot to my iPhone. It’s worked flawlessly. It’s super easy to use and lets me edit my photos straight on my phone. It’s perfect for when I’m on the go and I’ve used it almost every day since I got it!

	
  This is a great product. Worked exactly as expected, I am a photographer and this is a great addition for ease  of moving files and quickly managing content

	
  I've always wondered how to use an SD/Micro SD card with my iPhone, and my buddy told me about this little guy!! works great! I can store large movies on my SD cards and then play them on trips without having to fill my iPhone up or delete apps!!

	
  The reader worked great. Good product and purchase. Just connected to my iphone, chose pictures, then imports and there were my photos.

	
  I bought this when I switched from an Android phone to an iPhone because I stored all my photos on a microSD card. It’s easy to use and I was able to transfer all of my photos relatively quickly.

	
  This is great for transferring photos from SD cards - but also works as a plug in for iPad Pro files. And no added power supply needed

	
  Worked great. Easy to use. No app required so I can review the trail cam photos or transfer them from the woods ( where I do not have service) then put it back in the trail cam and move on. Love it.

	
  This tiny little device is so easy to use! Just plug it in and let the pictures upload! Way easier than having to transfer from my computer to my phone! I love it

	
  Plug up with card inserted and pics come right up on iPhone. Easy to import. I use it checking trail cameras and i can download pics and put the card back in the camera and move on to the next one.

	
  The first one we received wasn’t working well so they shipped us a new one right away. That one is working great. My son and husband love it for looking at pictures from their trail cameras.

	
  You can take camera/GoPro SD/microSD card to use easily on the go! You can also save music/movie on the card and use it. This is so awesome! I hate using iTunes for years but still want iPhone rather than Android phones, and this is the ultimate solution!

	
  I have an iPhone 7 and needed to upload RAW files to Lightroom app on my phone and this worked seamlessly! It took maybe 5 sec to upload 5 RAW images. Can’t wait to use this at our next wedding shoot to make sure no files are lost

	
  One of the best smartest device to exist!I recently bought a non wifi dash cam for my car. Was a bit Disappointed since i had to connect my the SD card to my computer to see videos what my dash cam got. Decided to look for some sort of card reader and BAM! this smallest very affordable gadget appear. It works perfectly for my IPHONE 11 Pro Max. Do not be hesitate to buy this SD card reader. Just simply follow the instructions in the description. I really recommend this for people.

	
  I bought this to transfer photos from a camera to my cell phone . The card reader worked perfectly. I was able to select photos to transfer, the transfer worked quickly. After each transfer I was given the option to keep or delete the files on the SD card.I have my camera to shoot in both RAW

	
  Grewt

	
  Es de lo mejor

	
  As indicated

	
  Works great!

	
  Work after replacement

	
  Good value

	
  Great for trail cameras

	
  easy to use works great

	
  It is great and simple to use!

	
  Trail camera reader!

	
  Awesome tool! Took straight to hunting area, and pulled multiple pictures from trail cameras. Easy to use, great price, definitely worth the cost.

	
  This is a great product, it’s easy to use and it’s great to have to transport the photos from my camera to my phone. I love this product!!!

	
  It work every time just ad expected.  Reliable product and seller.

	
  Slow as the Democrat

	
  This card reader works well on my iPhone X.As long as you are sure to plug it in tightly,it is very convenient to send photos with it.I am very happy to recommend it to you.

	
  People who love to use cameras to take pictures must need such a product, which is very convenient and fast. Viewing photos on the camera is not as convenient as a mobile phone, it solves the problem perfectly. Plug and play is very convenient.

	
  Just perfect for hunting trail cameras

	
  Works great

	
  Works as described

	
   Plug and play, just go to photos and click import.  I didn’t even know you could do this - easy way to transfer photos!

	
  Does what you’d expect it to do. Easy to use.

	
  Buen producto

	
  Good product

	
  Works Great!

	
  Easy to use in IPhone and IPad my daughter likes it so much she’s going to order one.

	
  Just as desctibed

	
  Good quality

	
  I have an XS Max and I had a few SD memory cards from old phones that I wanted to retrieve pictures and voice recorders from (mainly of my daughter as a baby which she is 9 now) I plugged the reader in, selected the folders I wanted and added them to my files. Would recommend!

	
  Works like a charm.

	
  The workmanship is fine, the thread quality is good, the design feeling is full, the appearance is high, the wire has tried, the image is very clear, as clear as the original no wire connection, looks very good, very satisfied with a shopping

	
  Parents have lots of photos on their old camera that uses SD cards. I just bought a new Iphone for my dad and he loved it. But he wants to see his old photos so I bought his for him. He absolutely loved it!

	
  Easy and quick to use

	
  Works perfectly!

	
  I use this to check my deer cam on my phone & iPad works great. Quick and easy to use . I would definitely recommend this.

	
  I use it for trail cam pics.  Very portable - I carry it with some storage and my iPhone.  Can view all images quickly.

	
  After the card reader is connected to the mobile phone, the recognition and card reading speed of the mobile phone are very fast, and it can be carried around. It is really too convenient to go out and take pictures with the camera and then connect it to the mobile phone.

	
  Easy accessibility to apple devices

	
  This works well and is so easy to use.

	
  This card reader is great, the card reading speed is really too fast, the price is also very favorable, the quality is also great, the appearance is very simple and generous, it is a product I like very much.

	
  No dislikes. Simple to use. Simple design.

	
  Took it out of the box, read the instructions and plugged it in with card and works perfectly. Easy as it could be.

	
  Husband loves it only took a few minutes to set up

	
  A+

	
  Work great with my IPad!

	
  Prefect. Everyone who owns a camera should buy own this SD reader

	
  Works great every time. Highly recommend.

	
  Reads memory cards instantly

	
  The card reader is very easy to use and very convenient. It reads camera photos very quickly. In the future, SLR can export photos without going through the computer. The material is also very good, and the interface is very meticulous.

	
  Very easy to use,

	
  Works great just plug it in and transfer away

	
  Bough this so I don't have to worry about carrying a computer out to my trail cams and this made it a lot easier. No app needed either

	
  Easy to use simple product exactly as described.

	
  Simple

	
  👍🏻

	
  I love it. Easy to use. Don’t need a computer

	
  Very easy to use.

	
  Great product!!!

	
  Did not work to read SD cards on my I phone

	
  Worked great and easy to use.

	
  Easy of use and transportable

	
  Worked right out of the box

